fDWVOauNDhs david a. clemen : okay , so we got our panel , we got our topstitch , and it 's not perfectly smooth and everything , but after you do all your topstitching and pressing , it 's not a bad idea to go ahead and just re-iron the fabric . get the last little bit of wrinkles out , and the remaining wrinkles , if there are any , when we stretch the canvas , that will actually pull the fabric really tight , and you 'll see that there really are n't any wrinkles on this one . it kind of stretches the fabric to its amazing smooth finish . so , i 'm just going to finish ironing this , and then once you get that area , just set your iron to the side and you can slide it back . just keep this here . keep your cord out of the way 'cause that will add wrinkles . look at that . let 's get that side , and you can just come back and get this end . start that way again . and i 'm ironing on the inside because the seams are there . so , all right ; we 're ready for the next step .
ee5nKLKhPaQ now where i colored , i say we 're going to have some very limited applications of some violet color ; some violet pigment , now ’ s the time . i 'm looking for some of these regions here where it 's goes from kind of some of this lighter oranges and pinks into this deeper blue and some of these areas actually i want to deepen this ; i want to make it more of a violet effect , so i 'm going to start to apply this here in these crevices . you 're automatically going to notice a pretty big color difference from that and the surrounding colors . so when i 'm going to continue to expand this out ; now i 'm not applying a lot of violet here and also what ’ s more i 'm using it and you can see to really blend these layers together . now really to blend for sunsets the over arching rule is when you start off with your one pigment and you kind of go and you build it out , and at some point you start building the other pigments into it by going down into them and bringing them up into the violet ; up down and around . see now look at that , that 's all ; that 's pretty blended now . let 's apply another region of violet further over this area where i 'm going to darken this up somewhat and sometimes this is going to really subtle ; i mean look at that , that 's not that much different but it is different still . now hey , there you go if you actually put a little more intense violet you 're going to see a whole lot more difference and again we build these guys back in here ; this is the atmosphere . the atmosphere is one huge inter-functioning crazy chaotic machine ; the weather forecaster 's still trying to get it down . so all of your painting is inter-connected ; do n't see it as discreet layers , see it as some living ; breathing thing with all the parts inter-connected , it needs all these things to survive or in this case out on one brilliant light show for us . so we 're going to continue to build in some of these violet in a couple of these darker regions and threw out our painting again for more of like a contrast with the over , over lying brighter layers .
f0fJ4OVk_7A so in those 27 different emotional reactions that we have every hour some of them are going to be on that spectrum of anger . and once we recognize the body symptoms again the gnawing of the teeth , the clenching of the hands , one of the most important things that we can do is called changing our state . and it is a very very simple thing to do actually . there is a couple of key things to remember . one is that when the emotions are coming up and we do n't want to feel them regardless of which emotion it is our tendency is to hold our breath , we literally stop breathing . and so the fastest and easiest way to change your state is to take a deep breath and now i do n't mean , i do n't mean an exasperated sigh , that is not what i mean by a deep breath . i literally mean filling up your whole body with a full breath , using all of your lungs to bring in oxygen , that life giving energy and move that other energy through the body through the exhale so it is a big ... and literally your physical state changes and because emotions are chemicals and action in your body then your emotional state changes . another thing you can do is if you are sitting down stand up and if you are standing up sit down , if you are standing still walk , movement is a great way to get energy in motion actually to go out and through the body so you can let go of whatever it is that is going on . now these are all things that we have been talking about that you can do when you are first recognizing that if in fact you are annoyed , frustrated , angry , whatever word it is on that big spectrum called anger . let 's take the next few segments and talk about what you can do when anger has been built up and you want to let it go so that it does n't explode in the wrong place at the wrong time on the wrong person .
f9OsarAxuIQ today 's topic is how to choose the right tire , for winter driving . most cars come with a tire , that look like this . they have just a nice tread on them , and not very much aggressiveness . this tire has a little more aggressive tread on it . it 's better for winter driving , and there are tires with more aggressive tread than this . the way to choose the proper one , is to figure out where you are driving from . do you drive in town only ? are the streets plowed very well ? do you have a lot of snow ? if you 're in a place where there 's a lot of snow , you 'll want a very aggressive tire . maybe even one that has the holes in it , where they put studs in the tire , for ice . if you do n't do much highway driving , or areas where there 's not so much snow , an all terrain tire is probably the best . if you 're in an area where there 's a lot of snow , you might want to put the very aggressive tire on , which are more aggressive , and more aggressive , and this one is n't that very aggressive , but it 's a different type of tread . your dealers , most people who sell tires , can find out the proper tire for your car , according to your driving conditions . ask questions . do n't be ever afraid to ask a question of how you drive , and let them know how you drive and where you drive . this will give you the proper way to get the right tire , for your car .
fFAa1XAMkaM ok. so now that i explained the different parts , muscles , nerves . why the foot and all the different things about the foot . i want to focus on reflexology ok. and reflexology is more traditional and like asia you know middle east different things like that . so that 's , it 's western style modality . we use it here in the united states as well , as part of massage treatment . but the main focus is not really muscles it 's not muscle displacement , it 's organs . it ? s meridians . it 's points in , within your body that are attributed to points in your foot . so what i 'm going to go over next is kind of like how you break down the foot and into the different organs in the body . and how the foot is , is a diagram of the body .
fAR7YNAnYyk let 's take you belly dancing to the next level . i 'm johanna from hip expressions belly dance studio and karen 's here with me and were , i 'm going to show you how to do reverse undulation walking backwards in belly dance . so start with our feet facing straight ahead , knees bent , belly button pulled in , chest lifted , shoulder blades back and down , arms out and away from the body . good . so now remember a reverse undulation will sit , tuck , pull , lift . as we sit and do our level change down , we 're going to step back and roll up , step back and roll up . step back and roll up . step back and roll up . so it 's step , tuck , pull , lift . step , tuck , pull , lift . step , tuck , pull , lift . good . a little faster now , good , smooth it out . step , tuck , pull , lift . step , tuck , pull , lift . good . if you can do n't change your level as you travel , keep it nice and smooth and isolated . step , step , step , good . make sure you 're stepping right on that beat . and step , step , step , step . good . so now you learn how to take your reverse undulation and walk backwards . good job !
f6w5r-19fq4 in this example what i 'm going to show you how to do a hybrid picking and we 're going to be doing the key of b minor . and i 'm simply going to play a b minor chord over a drum track . and pretty much what hybrid picking is is holding a pick like you normally would and then using anywhere from your middle index and pinkie or all of them to execute the rest of your playing . and with the drum tracks for this example sound like this . you know what i did there was a very basic kind of a bouncy percussive type hybrid picking on that . and what i did was simply just played the root note of b with the pick and then used my second , third and fourth fingers to go . and what i also did too was kind of i muted the notes right after i picked them to give it that nice percussive feel . so what i was doing there was simply playing b and then the g , b , e parts with my fingers . and that again is another interesting example of how you can do a simple chord , say like b minor add a little hybrid picking and create a nice percussive type strum .
f3bAdvTSft8 try interpreter , when you ’ re playing interpreter , a couple of pointers on that . just pay attention , listen visually as well as verbally , use the language . the person that doesn ’ t speak english needs to not understand any of the english that ’ s spoken in the game , and feel free to use a few devices . you could give a long answer for a short answer , you could give a short answer for a long answer , but only go to devices if you ’ re not inspired and you ’ ll find some inspiration as you shop around using some of those devices . but it ’ s a great game ; you can field questions from the audience . did we have a , a question from the producer down there ? yes , there . did the curtains match the drapes ? very good , do the curtains match the drapes ? let me see if i can find out for you . ( gibberish in the form of a question . very emphatic gibberish answer ) no they don ’ t and that ’ s my fault . alright , les mcgehee from expert village with andy crouch , the funny , funny , improviser from the hideout in austin , texas . ( little bit more gibberish at the end ) . i guess it ’ s true .
fuXSEl79Phc hi , i 'm tom shean and today on behalf of expert village i 'm going to show you how to install a metal roof . always check your fill before starting . look for crocked eaves , out of square gables , out of parallel ridges or eaves and sagging rafters or ridges . the first batten should be installed with the top corner flushed with the fascia . the second batten is the most important and is installed by chalking a straight line 15 inches from the first batten . as the roof slope increases this dimension should be reduced accordingly . this will allow the front lip of the panel to overhang the fascia . when the eave is crocked , adjust the line down slightly to average this discrepancy while still providing etiquette overhang . when the eave is not parallel or square with the roof , adjust the first course slightly to compensate . if required , additional adjustment can be made in the second course . if the top course is not parallel , adjust or telescope the last course of tile slightly to compensate . extra care should be taken when you have a short tile course as it will display variations . when the roof plan is cut up , you may have to lay out part of the fill from the bottom up as normal and transfer the balance from the top down . in this case it is important to work uniformly down , each side of the roof projections maintaining eave in coursing . the remaining battens are installed at 15 and 13/16 of an inch or 402 millimeters on center . this spacing is crucial to obtain proper panel fit . the most accurate method is to use the batten spacer which will lock into a fasten batten and hold spacing while the next batten is butted to the spacer and fastened .
ediqiDAFuLU the phoenix monkey is one of the hardest freestyle maneuvers in a hole . what the paddler does is reach across their bow to cast water on the power face of your paddle . you 're then going to do a pirouette . once i get back to facing forward again , i 'm going to reach up to the sky and initiate a loop , tuck forward , throw my loop , and finish with my paddle behind me . a lot of the motion gets done off this one blade . the pirouette pulls me around , and then at the tail end of the loop i can pull this paddle backwards to throw my feet back in front of me . with the phoenix monkey the goal is to really stay right close to the hole . different holes are easier or harder to do these in , so find a good hole . find that sweet spot of the hole , move around , try it in different locations .
f8f_BfFRJpE i 'll take my lunch bag and go ahead and pack that in this big bag . another thing that you definitely want to have at work at all times is your planner . you make your schedule at work and you know when you 're going to come back . i take my planner all the time so i 'll know when i 'm coming back to work and what needs to be done . i 'll go ahead and pack my planner . i need nursing supplies . whatever you like is up to you . you may want a pencil case . i use this cute little case that i got from the 99 cent store . i keep pens , highlighters , things that i might need at work while i 'm charting or documenting . i pack this little case . i also might put my medical scissors in also . i 'll go ahead and pack that . you know hand washing is the number one thing to prevent infection in the hospital . i also take hand sanitizer with me also just in between if i 'm eating or just if i ca n't get to wash my hands . i also want to pack my thermos just in case i want to make tea , hot chocolate , or have a hot cup of coffee throughout the night . you can put this in your bag , but you might want to save this on your way to work in case you 're drinking something on your way . stethoscope ; always need it . ca n't live without it . ca n't work without it . make sure it 's in your bag . there 's blood pressure cuffs at work . i take mine because i just like to keep it with me . you never know if you may need it to check on yourself . i just like to keep all my supplies with me . that 's pretty much all that i have in this bag . what you put in yours is up to you , but make sure you have the necessities .
f0R5y7JbJAQ hi , i 'm james with jnc home repair . today i 'm going to show you how to replace a lamp cord . it 's a pretty common problem around the house . here 's a basic little lamp with the cord on it , we 've got a faulty cord here . basically , what you want to do , is you want to find out where the cord is going into the lamp . okay ? once you figure out which where the cord is going into the lamp , you want to flip it around . on this particular lamp we can tell that it 's got to be accessed through the bottom . so , what we 're going to do is we 're going to move this cover on the bottom and it 's going to expose out lamp cord . okay ? now , nine times our of ten , if there 's something wrong with the cord , it 's going to be somewhere in between here and here . now , on the inside of it , there 's a knot that 's tied to keep it from pulling out . so , most times , there 's going to be a short , it 's going to be somewhere in here . so , what you can do is just pull this wire back some , take your wire strippers , go ahead and cut that wire out , pull your wire out of the way , you 've still got your lamp and you 've still got something you can attach your new wires to . then what you want to do is you want to separate these two , here , just like so . you want to strip these back to expose the wires , like so . once you get them separated a little width apart , you can also tell that on one wire there 'll be some writing and on the other wire there 'll be nothing . the one with the writing on it is the hot wire . okay ? or the black , in this instance , okay ? so , what you 'll do is you 'll take your replacement cord , okay ? take your cord , do the same thing . you want to separate it here . it 's actually easier if you use a pair of side cutters you can go ahead and get it started right here . get it split , pull them apart like that , you want to make sure that none of this is exposed , you do n't want any of these two wires touching together . so you want to make sure that that 's all , the plastic sheathing on it 's in good shape . once you figure that out , go ahead and strip that . your electrical wire 's like that . go ahead and figure out which one 's your positive and which one 's your neutral . this one you can tell has the letters on it , so you 're going to match this one up with the same one over here that has the writing on it , just like so . and the other one goes to the other one . once you 've got them put back together like so , you want to use some electrical tape and you want to make sure you wrap these real well so you do n't have any other kind of , these two wires wanting to touch to one another . wrap one of them real , real good . wrap it kind of down , away from where the wires are mended together , a couple of times , just like so . in a way you can tell that this wire is not ever going to be able to touch that other one . once you 've got one of them taped up just like that , you come in and bring the other one around just like so , and tape up your seam . and that 's how you replace a lamp cord on a lamp . if you 've got any other questions on how to do this type of repair , you can log on to my website jnchomerepair.com .
fEHjV8vc66w are you ready for an advanced combo with you rocking reverse undulation ? i 'm johanna , and this is karen , and we 're here with hip expressions belly dance studio in st. petersburg , florida . so let 's start with our rocking reverse undulation traveling backwards . so our right foot 's going to be back , our timing is scooping in the back . ready , and , back , two , three , roll up . keep it going , and back , two , three , roll up . good . now we 're going to switch it to going forward . slow it down . six , seven , eight . now forward , back , forward , back , forward , back , forward , back . now we 're going to switch it going back . forward , six , seven , eight . and back , front , back . and i 'll do it from the side so you can see . switch it forward just a little faster . and it 's forward , back , forward , forward , back and hold . and back , forward , back , back and hold , and forward two , three , four , forward two , three and switch . back two , three , back two , three . good . make sure you practice that in front of a mirror , and soon you 'll have a nice , smooth undulation that goes forward and back .
fEmmc0SV8sI it 's really important now that you 've practiced your song , to make yourself a little audition check list . especially if this is your first time . this will help you when you 're nervous . so make sure you show up prepared with everything you need . on your audition checklist , you should have your song , your head shot and resume , your outfit . now i recommend bringing your outfit with you . there 's always a place to change . that way it does n't get wrinkled in the car , you do n't get it sweaty and when you 've changed , you are crisp and ready to go . you also might need to bring dance clothes and appropriate dance wear . if it 's a movement call , bring sneakers . do n't try to do a movement call in flip flops or bare feet . besides the fact that you might fall down , you 'll make the choreographer nervous because this is a recipe for disaster . you might want to bring a snack . if you 're not union , you could have a long wait ahead of you . you do n't want to wait for eight hours or six hours on an empty stomach . the other thing you want to make sure you bring are your directions . do you know where you 're going and how you 're going to get into the room ? where are you going to park ? write these things down and check them off before you load yourself into your car and you 'll be much more comfortable at your audition .
f3c4j32h_HM my name is shawn connolly . i live in san francisco , california . i 'm a sponsored skateboarder and i run a program for youth called sf skate club . what i 'm going to show you today is how to do a smith grind on a skateboard . now to do a smith grind , what you have to do is first find an obstacle that can grind . and what you 're going to want to do is be able to ollie higher than whatever you 're trying to do a smith grind on . because to do a smith grind you actually have to ollie above the obstacle and then land in your smith grinds , grind it and then pop out . so once you 've found the right spot that 's going to work for you , like this rail will work , you ride up to the spot or the ledge front side , that means that the ledge or obstacle is on the side that you can see , its on your facing side , then you 're going to want to ollie above the obstacle , land in this position like here with your truck locked in there and then sliding on the corner of the obstacle . so its almost like you 're doing a grind and a board slide at the same time . now once you 've ollied into this position , the way to hold a smith grind is to extend your front leg straight and then bend your back knee to lock into this position . you 're going to focus most of your weight above the back two sets of wheels or the back truck . now when you ollie into it , picture yourself sticking out the front leg and bending your back foot to hold it on there . another tip is to put the tip of your toe on your tail . now what this does is during the grind it helps you get back out because the further on the end it is , the easier it is to push it and pop it out . if your foot is here you may find that you get locked if you ca n't put the weight on it . another thing you want to remember when smith grinding is that you 're going to have to lean back a lot and this is going to help you lean back and poke that trick forward and ride it through . and that 's how you do a smith grind . my name is shawn connolly , i 'm from san francisco , california and i 'm a sponsored skateboarder and i also run a program called sf skate club for youth at sfskateclub.com .
ef7hVlqBEWM one other little detail cut that we need to make before we can begin sanding on this is at the very top . the piece of wood that i started with had a fairly rough band saw cut on the top edge . and you 'll notice as i rotate this around , you 'll see that it wobbles a little bit . it 's not true to the rest of the piece . and so i 'm going to come in with a skew , this is a skew here , and with the long point or the toe of the skew , i 'm just going to take a light shearing cut and clean off that end grain and through that top up so it 's nice and crisp . because we have a wooden chuck here holding this , i can cut right down to the wood and not worry about marring the tip of my tool . and so now the end grain on this is really nice and clean .
fBJ0AOYSAOo now there 's other good optics and optics basically is the lens like the carl zeiss lens which is made in germany . always had an excellence reputation are now basically have an exclusive agreement with sony so even the sony with carl zeiss lens are equivalent to the cannons , the nikons , the olympus and pentax . also panasonic has an exclusive agreement with leica and leica makes great lenses too . which are better ? well it 's real hard to say , they are all fairly equivalent and it depends on who you talk to as far as professional photographers which lenses they like . another thing that 's important is flash , how far will the flash go and the lower end of the lens and how much the lower end of the lens means what equivalent does it have on a film camera like a twenty-eight millimeter lens is very good for scenes . they also have thirty-five millimeter , thirty-five millimeter sometimes is n't enough to get scenes completely in but at thirty five millimeter there is very little distortion as far as a curvature . whereas a twenty-eight millimeter there is starts to become some curvature in your photograph and some distortion in that direction if you 're too close to something .
fFcwfrpxI6A alright , now we 're going to start stamping on our carousel note card . what i 'm going to be using is the in color , and it 's called soft sky . and i 'm going to do just the swirl background . when i have a larger stamp , i like to ink it up this way , this way i can see that i 'm getting ink everywhere on my stamp . so once it 's inked up , i 'm going to just go ahead and i 'm going to stamp about three-quarters of my design . so i 'm going to go ahead and place it there . and this is a swirl design , so there 's no right or wrong and that 's exactly what i wanted . so how 's that for perfect ? now we 're going to add in the colored flowers . i 'm going to be using groovy guava , blue bayou , and what i have here is just a little flower . i 'm going to go with the groovy guava first , and i 'm just going to randomly place a few flowers , let 's go with three . i like to work in odd numbers . it kind of makes it really balance . i 'm just going to go ahead and clean it in between , and i like to stamp it off to make sure that my ink is removed totally from my stamp . and then we 're going to go with the blue bayou , and we 're just going to put a couple flowers again , just randomly here and there and we have our beautiful design . and the next thing we need to do is place in our easter wishes .
efFHP6pO7DE in this step , we 're going to take a look at how to use our timpani mallets on the cymbals , and talk about some advantages and disadvantages of using the timpani mallets on the cymbals . first , disadvantage . that 's kind of too knocky for me . it just does n't sound very good . but what you can do if you want that ride cymbal sound , flip it over , and lightly you can do it , and you can kind of -- you can still get the bell sound , you can still get the middle . if you wanted to play a beat with the mallets , or if you wanted to do more of an attack type of cymbal roll , you can flip them both over . now what i really like about the timpani mallets , they sound great on the drums , but they 're the best things to use for a cymbal roll . just , it 's a really nice -- it helps you crescendo , and you 're not hearing the beads of the sticks . you know , if we flip them over , you can actually hear the knocking of the stick on the symbol , kind of takes away from the overall feel of the cymbal roll . or , this , which is just so nice . so , those are some advantages to using the timpani mallets . really killer cymbal rolls . maybe a disadvantage , maybe not conducive to playing a beat on the cymbals . those are the disadvantages and advantages of using timpani mallets on your cymbals .
egjREjeA8Mw hi everybody , i 'm john graden from the martial arts teachers association and johngraden.com . how do you determine if an instructor is qualified ? that 's kind of difficult . why ? the martial arts is an unlicensed profession . in other words , there are no specific universally recognized standards . anybody can buy a black belt and put it on . anybody can open a martial arts school . so there 's no barrier to entry which makes it a really good business if you are qualified . but it also opens the door for quackery and people who pass themselves off as being what they 're not . in order to access the qualifications of a good instructor you want to make sure , number one , top of the list , you want to know what you 're trying to accomplish . what is it , do you want to become a champion ? do you want to become a black belt ? do you want to become very proficient in self defense ? or do you just want the mental confidence that goes in to the martial arts ? once you know your goals , then its a matter of researching the instructors in your area . go watch the classes . and here 's what you 're looking for . you 're looking for an instructor that you think is going to motivate you . you 're looking for an instructor that going to keep you excited about coming back to class . initially with students , i like to help them set black belt as a goal . that takes about three years . so really think about it , three year span to earn your black belt . as we 're watching this instructor work we want to see how he or she works with the beginning students and then we want to go watch the advanced classes . we want to see black belts . we want to see lots of brown and black belts who are proficient , they 're impressive . in other words , they have skills that you want . they have body condition . they have a mental attitude that really indicates they have been well trained over a two to three period to get to that advanced class . so as i 'm sitting there watching that class , kind of look at that as a time machine . if i 'm taking my child i 'm going to go watch the advanced kids and i want to see , o.k.in three years my kids going to be doing this . does this make sense ? is this what i want ? is this going to motivate him or her ? is this going to accomplish what they 're trying to accomplish ? so when you look at qualifications , i 'm not really looking at the past of the instructor . i 'm not interested in where he got his certificate . i 'm interested in the future with that instructor . the only situation that i 'm really looking for , first i want to make sure that they 're involved , with a continuing education professional program like the martial arts teachers association . that tells me this is someone who is continuing to learn , continuing to grow . but more importantly , i want to watch them in action . i want to make sure that they 're teaching in a way that 's going to motivate me , keep me coming to class , keep my child coming to class . then i want to watch those advanced students . and if they look sharp , they look strong , i know i 've got a good instructor . i hope that helps . i 'm john graden from johngraden.com . thank you .
ef51HyXDnVw hello , this is sherry krieger for expert village.com . we are going into following through with what happens after you place the stones and how long the stones should be placed on the client ’ s body . the stones can remain for as long as 20 minutes if they hold their heat a while , and it depends upon the temperature in your room and the temperature outside , how long you heated the stones and how hot they are to start off with . you have all the stones applied to the back as you can see here . now what i do after this is i start working on the limbs and get the limbs nice and relaxed while the back is relaxing . i ’ m working on the arm right now applying the massage lotion . start off with some petrasage , the spreading of the muscles throughout the arm and some compression . some times the stones tend to want to go where they will . we are doing some more stretches here and applying the knuckles to the underside of the arm .
fCV6e3JZM4Y hi , i 'm jay french , from jay french studios.com . today i 'm going to teach you how to draw graffiti names . now , of course , there 's a infinite number of styles with graffiti , but we 're going to go with ... we 're going to with one here just to show you some basics . most of it is about names , so i 'm going to use my nickname , shatter . and , i 'm going to do this a little taller and thinner . just draw some basic letters to start with . you can draw it really lightly , go back and erase it later . or if you go over it in ink , then you can more easily erase the letters . and once you 've got your general arrangement , then you can get crazy with it . what i 'm going to do is , i 'm going to do every other letter big , every other letter small . and you can get really wild . we 're going to make this sort of look serrated . it 's always hard to draw a curve against your hand , so if you move the page around , it 'll work with your body better . and i 'm just going to do about four letters here . feel free to get your proportions , your angles , all of 'em odd , because graffiti is all about expression . so , then we 'll have a big a. we 're going to go with that serrated thing again . and you can see this is , you know , of course , a real rough ... you 'll refine it ... . like i said , in ink , or just using your eraser . okay . now a lot of what ... and i 'm going to go ahead and erase the inner lines because i 'm going to put a little color on here . a lot of what graffiti is about is about color . you do n't ever see a whole lot of black and white graffiti . so we 're going to do a little bit of a two tone , a fade . now graffiti 's usually done with spray paint , but you 'll see it in all manner of mediums , really . most of it is made to mimic . if it 's not in spray paint , it 's made to mimic spray paint . so , what we 'll have here is a fade , which will look like a spray fade . i have a dark yellow going on there . i actually need to fade that out more . now this is not always the case . you do n't have to use fades , even in a lot of graffiti styles you will see set lines , hard lines . one of the things you can do in colored pencil , is you can actually go through with a white blending , or a blending pencil to get more smoothness . that one came out a little rough , but it gives the impression of the spray paint feel , which is the very modernistic look that is the signature to graffiti style . and especially with names , when you 're ... .you want to really be expressive as to what you 're trying to get across because this is your name , or a name that has an emotional attachment , so you want ... .you want a feel behind it . and you can go through , and add details such as highlights . i would actually go through with , perhaps some paint , or something more solid to give that more of a white . or i would 've just left the white area . and i can go through here with , like , usually just use ... you can use black . in fact , feel free to use plenty of black , again , it 's dramatic , harsh , which you want for this type of look . we 're going to put a shaded area there . i 'm using a dark red just to accent that , but then i would go through , and i would go in with the black , i 'm just going to use pencil for now , and add some dimensionality to it as if the letters were actually thick . and add some depth . and this way you 'll get a really cool look to graffiti names .
ft-IJ3_uXMw so to be successful with anything you really want to picture yourself being successful . imagine it in your head so with food if you have some goals maybe you want to set a goal that you want to eat a healthier diet . picture yourself eating healthy food and planning for it . that way when you setup to start doing it you can already somewhat have some steps in your head on how you are going to be successful . if you want to loose weight think about how you 're going to eat healthy foods and eat smaller portions and think about how you are going to look when you loose weight and how you are going to feel better . maybe you can even control your blood sugars if you have diabetes or decrease your chance in having heart disease . so the main point is just that whatever your goal is , whatever reason that you want to eat a healthy diet make sure that you picture yourself being successful .
ezckGZ9blnA alright , now we 're going to get our rice ready . depending upon how many people you 're going to feed depends on how many cups you 're going to put in . we like to put half a cup for every mouth you 're going to feed . if there 's 5 people that 's 5 half cups . this is 3 , 4 , 5 , and actually i think we 're going to go ahead and go for 6 because i think a few of us are going to want seconds . what the heck , let 's go for 7 because this is going to be good . alright , this is the right everybody . take a look at it . sometimes there 's black ones , sometimes there 's ones that are no good and you can see it , but this is actually a very good selection of white rice here . this is just average white rice . you can pick it up at your average grocery store . goya works best . there it is . that is the rice . that was 6 half cups of rice . i 'm going to come over here real quick and grab this little spoon right here and make sure that this is twisting . make sure i got this going over here . then i 'm going to come over here to my sauce , give it a little stir . this is when you check it . this is when you 're going to go with your taste buds . yes .
f4vzxdsLs4g my name 's ryan parker with parker home renovations in new braunfels , texas , and today i 'm going to teach you how to remove stains from tile grout . if you have stains around the house from you tracking dirt in back and forth on the grout , and you 'd like to clean it , here 's a few ways you can do it . first thing you 're going to need is you 're going to need a bucket . any size bucket will do . you 're going to need to get some type of cleaner , whether it 's a vinegar , an acid based cleaner like this , or any kind of solvent you can really use on the grout . do not use bleach if it 's a colored grout . if it 's a white grout , bleach is okay , but if it 's colored grout , do not use bleach because it will discolor your grout . you 're also going to need a scotch pad like this . this is a heavy duty scotch pad . this 'll clean a lot better than some of your medium or light duty scotch pads . i recommend using safety glasses just because with acid based cleaners , they send off fumes and it would get in your eyes or if it gets in your eyes from splashing or whatever , it 'll really burn . and also you 'll have to wear gloves with an acid based cleaner just to keep it off your hands because it will burn your hands as well . what you want to do for a heavy duty stain , is you 're going to want to dilute your acid cleaner , one part acid , one part water . and then you 're going to take your scotch pad with your gloves on and you 're going to want to go ahead and dip it in the acid . and then you 're going to want to scrub it real good on the grout joint . the more elbow grease you use , the better it 's going to turn out . so if you scrub those joints really , really good , it should turn out really well . then what you 're going to want to do is you 're going to have another bucket also with clean water and a sponge . after you 're done scrubbing the grout joints , you 're going to want to get your sponge , wring it out , and then wipe those grout joints off real good . make sure you wipe it off with clean water because if you do n't , an acid based compound can eat through the grout . my name 's ryan parker with parker home renovations and you can find me at parkerhomerenovations.com .
f6FXcAI3C-4 so , once you have a hoophouse , and you realize the profound value of every inch , invariably , you start to go up , so look around and you can see the vertical space , here . the space is valuable , right to the ceiling , and so we want to build it in such a way , that we can utilize both the ground space , and the vertical space . this center structure was put in as a bracing , to keep snow loads , from collapsing the hoophouse , but it has the secondary benefit of making a wonderful boardwalk , so we have all kinds of space for plants here , and then underneath , the shade , cooler loving plants , like the beets , and the onions and the leeks . they can still hang out , and get a little bit of respite from the heat , and then that 's not all , because we have crops , which will go up , up , up , and be trellised right to the center perlin . you can see the remnants of last year 's string beans , which were fourteen feet high , and itching to go higher , so the entire hoophouse is a project in managing space , and i 'm always taking trays and putting them in new places . let 's say it 's too hot , for these little lettuces . i could tuck them over to here , and that would give them a little more shade . let 's say i had something like these delfiniums , that were heat loving . i can tuck them right in here , against this black barrel , where they just get all the heat , and then if i have something like peppers , or eggplants , or tomatoes , that really love heat , i 'll put them up to the upper shelves , where it 's up into the nineties . just so long as i can get up there , review them , and remember to hydrate them in time .
f9ASzH40rwY hello , my name is dr. susan jewell and and on behalf of behalf of expert village today i am going to talk to you today about how to recognize and how to treat and live with the pain of headaches . now in this clip we are going to talk about one of the ways that you could help to reduce the occurrence or the frequency and if you are actually experiencing the headache pain how to live with the pain of headaches . now one of the ways we could look at it biofeedback . now there are many biofeedback techniques out there that you could go and find out yourself either through books or on-line websites and one particular very good one that i could recommend is the biofeedback certification of america or they have a website , www.bcia.org where you can go on-line and you can find out all the different types of biofeedback techniques that would be helpful that you could lean to help you deal with the headaches that you experience , whether it 's tension , cluster or migraine headaches . so biofeedback methods are just techniques to help reduce some of the physiological and biochemical affects that your body undergoes that causes the headache . for example , stress and anxiety are major causes for a lot of tension headaches that we experience in this population . so , if we can find ways to reduce your stress , find ways to relax and reduce anxiety in your body that would also help you to reduce at least the intensity or duration or the occurrence of headaches . and some of these techniques are like i said , you can do visualization techniques where you can place yourself in um , visualize yourself in some kind of calming environment , you use all these images in your head . for example put yourself in a very calm place , quiet place and imagine that you are on a beach , and you can imagine the sand and the smells and that would help you reduce the stress or the anxiety at that moment you are experiencing and especially if you are going through the pain of the migraine at that time . and , so these are some of the ways of biofeedback that you could use to help you deal with the pain of headaches .
f6rtJAjMtHc hi , i 'm travis corpening , and i 'm about to teach you how to do a two-handed dump . lets have some fun . alright , first of all , we 're here in beautiful carolina beach , north carolina , their wonderful facility , we want to thank them for allowing us to use it . getting down to the actual foot work of doing and completing a two-handed dunk , what i want to first tell you is , when you take off , some jumpers , you have different taste , some jumpers like to take off on two feet , some jumpers can take off on one , but whichever your flavor . what you want to do is , when you do take off , if you 're a one legged jumper , you want to plant with the opposite hand , if you 're right handed , you want to plant with the left leg , if you 're left handed you want to plant with the right leg . what you want to do , you want to plant , and once you plant , you immediately bounce and take off , once you take off- now if you 're doing a tomahawk dunk , the difference in a tomahawk dunk and just a regular slam , a regular two-handed dunk is a tomahawk- a regular slam you actually just kind of can get away with putting it in once you take off , once you get up there above the rim . but a tomahawk you actually want to take it , bring it back here , and that 's a little advance for a little more advance jumpers , you want to take it back here , and kind of get some hang time so it looks really cool , and then you bring it down with authority . a two-handed dunk you can pretty much bring it down with authority too , but a tomahawk two-handed dunk looks a little cooler . so , you want to try it , go ahead give it a shot , once you do try it and you can get up above the rim enough to where you can complete it , you might want to add a little flair to it , maybe some different styles using the legs . if you look at michael jordan in the way he dunks , as oppose to colby bryant , you 'll see their own individual flair . but there you have it , two-handed dunk .
ewPSoiN0hXw hi , my name is mike quebec , and today 's subject is how to burn fat . before we get into that , if you have n't already , please see our other subject matters on looking up calorie expenditure charts , and how to keep track of your calories . all of that factors into this subject , how to burn fat . basically , when you 're burning fat , you 're really burning calories . the less calories you take in , and the more calories you use , in a nutshell , that burns your fat . that calls upon your extra energy reserves , and your extra energy reserves , are calories that have n't been used , and calories that have n't been used , turns into fat . what you want to do , is use those up , so in one of our other subjects , we talked about activity factors . all right , so i 'm going to go back to that , and relate it to this subject . so for instance , i 'm a factor twenty , because i work out more than an hour a day , more than three times a week . factor twenty times my target weight , which is a hundred and fifty . twenty times a hundred and fifty , is three thousand calories , but let 's say that i wanted to lose even more weight . i have to say this is a misnomer . for my height , one hundred and fifty , is a healthy weight . for me to lose weight , is actually unhealthy , so i 'm using this as an example . if i wanted to lose weight . i wanted to burn fat . i would count myself at a lesser activity factor . factor thirteen is somebody who is sedentary and slightly obese , somebody who is n't very active , and is moderately overweight . if i counted myself at that , factor thirteen times a hundred and fifty , that would bring me to one thousand , nine hundred , and fifty calories a day . for me to continue doing what i do , which is exercising more than an hour . exercising more than three times a week , but taking in only one thousand , nine hundred , and fifty calories . counting myself as less of an activity factor than i actually am , i would definitely lose weight , hence , i would burn fat , because my body would then call upon its extra reserves . stored calories , which is what fat is . fat is calories that have n't been used , and that would definitely burn the calories , and burn the fat . burning the fat , which is the subject of this segment , i do have to say this . if you plan on using this formula , please do consult with your doctor first . rapid weight loss is potentially dangerous for your heart .
ednHwOrS3yo joe wiles : in this segment , we 're going to take a look at number 17 , which is `` ca n't stop '' by the red hot chili peppers . let 's take a look . on the introductory riff , we 're going to start with our index finger on the 5th fret of the a string . then we 're going to put our ring finger and we 're going to keep it hovered over the 7th fret of the same string because we 're going to bring it down here , okay ? now , the riff sounds like it 's counted as in one-two-three , one-two-three , one-two-three , one-two , when in actuality , you 're counting sets of four . as you go through the riff , i want you to count out loud so you keep proper rhythm , okay ? one-two-three-four , one-two-three-four , one-two-three-four , one-two-three-four . you see how -- where my fingers were landing as i was doing that ? on the certain particular -- the quarter notes as i was counting them out . make sure you follow that and keep the rhythm right , okay ? we 'll do that again . one-two-three-four , one-two-three-four , one-two-three-four , one-two-three-four . pay attention on that . it 's kind of important . to speed , the introduction sounds like this . if you count while you play it to speed , it sounds like this . one-two-three-four , one-two-three-four , one-two-three-four , one-two-three-four , one-two-three-four , one-two-three-four , one-two-three-four , one-two-three-four . pay attention , that 's a pretty fast way to count it , okay ? in our next segment , we 're going to continue `` ca n't stop '' with the riff that 's played under the verse . i 'll see you in that segment .
fuH7qJMsgJw the next step on our 2-5-7-10 box after we 've scored all the lines , you 're going to go ahead and take your paper snips and you 're going to cut . on the 2 inch side , you 're going to cut over 3 of the blocks . then you 're going to cut . you 'll leave one block and you 'll cut this last bit of a block off here . that 's going to be the top and a lid for your box . then you 're going to come down and cut this one corner off here . then you 're just going to take and cut up to these score lines . 3 cuts there . the other thing i like to do on this cutting is just give these one corners a little nip in on both sides . you 'll see when we 're assembling that why we do that . now you 've done all your scoring and all your cutting . now we 're going to get ready to do some stamping . you can do your stamping , or you can roll with a wheel . for this demonstration , we 're going to be doing some stamping with hearts .
ezy6B2pX-iQ in this clip , we going to talk about a very important rhythm called kuku . kuku is a very popular with them . they play it almost all over africa , in all parties and to make people dance . so let 's start with the signal . the signal is what you do before you start playing the drum . the leader do the signal and everybody follows . so , the signal if i have to do it with my mouth goes . so let 's do it with the hand and you will understand . that 's the wait for kuku . let me do it again , so follow so you can repeat it . okay ? it 's one , two , three , four . that 's , they call that a signal . if you do n't hear this , you do n't start playing and also it serves to stop the rhythm when people are playing together .
f1eOfFES1IE hi my name is valerie with expertvillage.com we are to talk about how to do things with twins from conception to 18 months . hi my name is valerie and we are here to talk about how to pack a diaper bag . as you can see this is your standard issue diaper bag it is a regular back pack . when you have twins you find that you do n't have the shoulder space for a over the single shoulder diaper bag . so it works good just to have it on your back . anyways one good thing that you need the most are i guess all these things you need the most . you got your wipes and your diapers . now a way that i do it is i always say one diaper for one hour so if i 'm going out for a couple diapers i will take four diapers because i have two babies . then you have your toys just whatever you might need to keep them occupied with and whatever clothing that you need that is appropriate to the weather for where you live . here is cold so we got our gloves and some little fleece jackets and some jeans . just a full outfit and socks . a book . i have the front part as my food compartment and in this way most of the jansports backpacks i have been pretty impress with because they have good liners in them so you have some spillage in the food compartment they it does n't leak through where your clothing is . that is pretty nice . so we just travel with goldfish , and little gummies , snacks , and i use this playtex sippy cups and what i always do two different sizes so i know what is in what . you know you can put the milk in the big ones and the water in the small ones . what ever however you want to do it . then i have this little compartment and it is kind of my medicine you know those types of important things like your destine to clean your diaper rash . if you are out and you spike a fever you got some tylenol . there is a lot of neat compartments in the backpack that people do n't think about that you have a little spot for your thermometer and spots for your spoons it is all separate . even nail clippers when you need them and other than that the front i do n't have much in that so as you can see there is quiet a bit that you could fit into a backpack and it is just so handy for walking around with .
fqCkYN-ryWY hi , this is christina varga from the varga gallery in woodstock , new york and on behalf of expert village today i ’ m going to show you how to be a self-taught artist , not an easy thing . my sources of inspiration are mostly the materials that i find on the street . i tend to collect anything , i try to use everything that i have , i ’ ve used my grandmother ’ s old photographs , like this one of a nun and this one of a hungarian soldier . i find pop stars and celebrities from the past like salvador dali , very inspirational , raquel welch , i think she is fantastic ; naked women , very inspirational , naked women are just wonderful . quotes , david bowie quotes , those are very important to me . patterns , inspiration in patterns , inspiration in texture like that , and if you look at this , you can see like travel , i get lots and lots , let me take this off the wall and put it in the light , lots and lots out of travel . that ’ s a coin from spain , here ’ s some scrabble pieces , that ’ s a googly eye , my pet buddy ; he ’ s a source of inspiration . people give me materials , they are inspiring , you know that ’ s a , that ’ s a snake skin in vinyl that somebody gave me , wrapping paper from gifts , broken stuff , i don ’ t care whatever , little pieces of crap , this is from a construction site , i mean you know there is no end . that ’ s a piece of rusty crap i found on the street , i mean , tetanus shots and what not , anything . i find whoops , watch out , i find inspiration , look at this one , this is really cool , my own private autobahn . look at the little car , isn ’ t that great ? i found that in the dirt at our house , i dug it out of the mud , i found , look vintage erotica , that is very inspiring , as a matter of fact i did tell you guys i was going to show you my stacks of porn , come follow me , look at me .
eyScxFZX3DI hey . welcome to my studio . my name is lars-erik robinson , with larser arts all around art-tainment . today , i thought we 'd talk about how to draw mouths . sounds like a mouse but it 's mouths . and i pre , i already did the noses , i already did some eyes here . and we 're going to go ahead and include a mouth here on a , here is one from a side profile , which is done a lot in the seventies and the earlier style caricatures . basically it is do the top lip first and have it come back and you could actually do a little bit of shadowing there by doing a cross hatching , to get the top lip to have more shadow . and then you do the bottom part . and imagine where the bottom part of the lip is . you do n't want that line to come out that much . you could actually end it right there if you wanted to . but just because of demonstration purposes , i 'm showing you that , that 's a bottom lip . now on the total frontal ones , you got to imagine that there 's a thin line coming right down the middle of this here . straight on . and these are actually my least favorite . i do it sometimes but there 's a lot caricature i also do a lot of frontal caricatures . so you imagine that the front lip here . and you know sometimes guys do n't have much of this kind of curve right there . but just because we 're doing demonstration . he 's smiling , so here 's the inside of the mouth right there . and here 's the bottom of the teeth . sometimes you see a little bit more of the teeth on the bottom and then the lip . here 's the teeth . and now on the profile ones , you have a little bit more of a turn there and a little bit less here . so it 's longer on that side and short on this side . once again the lip is curved more on this side . and you can even do , the lip showing there . teeth , with the gums and everything . alright , there 's some of the different samples of , of , of mouths for you . thank you guys for joining in my studio today .
ez9_he04234 so this super complicated dial , knob , over hear . so , the way to break this one down , so you 've got normal , you 've got permanent press , you 've got short , and you 've got prewash , and then you 've got all this other regular what not . basically , the only one i 've ever used in my life is the normal one over here . because it 's normal and i 'm normal i guess . you 've got , and what 's cook about the normal is it breaks it down super simple . because normal one is like , alright so we take this knob , and i turn it over to , i find my normal , i 've got am heavy ? am i regular ? or am , it 's just like fourteen , ten , or six . so heavy , regular , and whatnot . and , what 's great about normal is you just go , `` well , i do n't really care , so i 'm going to go normal , regular . '' and then you pop it on , and it 's going to go through it 's whole cycle and will take like , probably a half hour , whatever . and then it goes through , like it fills up with the water , and then it rinses it , and then it spins and gets all the water out , and then it gets to the off . then from there , like permanent press , short , and pre-wash , i honestly do n't use that much . so , if you want to know about those you 're going to have to call the whirlpool association .
fHSbE3Q-Bho hi ! i 'm karina fraley for expert village and today i 'm showing you how to pack your decorations away for next christmas . i 'm going to pack away my little figurines . again , i 'm going to be using bubble wrap for these because these are extra delicate and extra special . you just get a roll , whatever size you need for whatever it is that you 're wrapping . this actually is double layer , so i can go ahead and put my little figurine in there . then i 'm going to go ahead and just take my scissors and cut a piece . i 'm actually going to make mine a little bigger right there . just cut it . then you just go ahead and roll it up . that 's going to be nice and secure . then just go with the next one . i 'm going to do the baby jesus next . this baby jesus is well loved in my family . my kids like to keep it next to their night tables during christmas . it 's a lot of fun . again , just take your piece , measure how much bubble wrap you want , cut it , and it really could n't be easier . if you have any leftover , obviously the kids love to go ahead and play popping these . i recommend always having a little bit of bubble wrap lying around . i 'm going to finish wrapping these in a minute . my going to take these guys out of here . then this is going to go right back into the original box that it came in . this is really the best way to pack this away . it has some styrofoam in there . it 's going to be well protected , and because it is so neatly packed and so tightly packed in there , it 's actually a great place for me to go ahead and put my figurines in there . then everything 's going to be in one spot . i 'm going to go ahead and finish this up and i 'll see you at the next clip with another tip .
fJCKA1t85LU our potatoes are just about done . so , we 're going to take our oregano ; we 're not really even going to remove it from the stem because these stems are all very , very soft . so i 'm going to go over to the middle of my knife to initially cut the oregano . i 'm going to turn it and bunch it all back up together and do it again . i 'm going to turn it one more time and now what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to put my hand here to hold it and i 'm going to use the back part of this knife because most people use the front part . so , this is the sharpest part . so , if you 're going to cut fresh herbs ; parsley or cilantro or oregano or rosemary or something like that , you want to keep using the back of your knife . that will be much faster . if you 're holding the knife down like this ; not only are you not using the front , but you 're not making that loud noise and this will go a lot faster and it will be easier to control your oregano from moving around the cutting board . alright , now we 're going to turn our heat off our back burner and we 'll drain our potatoes and bring them back to our pot and we 'll sprinkle our oregano over the top . we 'll add a little bit of salt and pepper ; about a teaspoon of each and then you 're going to add our oil ; a little less than a quarter cup . and if the potatoes are a little bit too dry , we 'll add just a little bit more oil and once they 're mashed , we 'll bring them back over here to our buttered baking dish . just scoop them out and then we 're going to spread them flat over half of our pan and we 're going to put them in the oven and we 're going to bake them until they get a little bit brown and then we 'll scoop them out and cut them into squares .
egfSFWLabQI a frequently asked question by many patients are whether or not the herbs that we 're prescribing to them are safe and free from things like lead and arsenic , that we hear so often that are coming out of china in certain products . and that is a very , very good question to make sure that you ask your practitioner . there are some brands that are very safe , that they 're doing appropriate testing for heavy metals , such as lead and arsenic . they 're checking for things like bacteria , and they 're checking to make sure that the proper plant has been used in that herbal formula . so , ask your patient-your practitioner these types of questions before you willingly accept that the herbs that they prescribe to you . something else that 's oftentimes brought up in relationship to chinese herbs , and that 's whether or not they have been adulterated with pharmaceuticals or other kinds of over-the-counter chemicals , such as tylenol , or even prescription medications . and that 's something that very few brands have . it has been a problem in the past , but now , with the more reputable companies that have factories that are approved by the fda and have been inspected , they meet good manufacturing programs from the gmp . so , make sure that your practitioner gives you the good quality herbs that are safe . and , unfortunately , when you want to get the good quality herbs , they oftentimes cost a few dollars more . so , take that time to make sure you get the most effective herbs , and the safest herbs , that are available on the market . and ask good questions of your practitioner to ensure that they 're following good manufacturing practices .
fFLpfn_NGM4 john how did you start baking ? well that has an interesting story . when we first started the business of , we 're not much of a business to begin with . and we started as an ice cream/juice bar place where we introduced sandwiches . and this one company used to bring us our bread with a whole bunch of fuss and difficulties . and to make a long story short his attitude was really bad . so one day i told him , `` you know what ? give me one month and i will make my own bread and i will not buy bread from you any longer . '' and i went and i contacted this gentleman klaus where he was a master baker . i said , `` klaus i need some help . '' so within a month he turned us to a bakery and he taught us how to bake . and we brought most of the ingredients from germany because we were fond of the product there . and at that time , 20 years ago , we had ingredients that were somewhat organic . we had to label organic . before organic became organic . we were getting stuff from farms of germany without any pesticides in it . yeah and that 's how we started becoming a bakery .
fyyg6UCc-nI today we 're going to learn how to make hoop earrings . hoop earrings is one of the most simplest type of earrings you could make , especially if you buy your hoop . this is an example of a hoop that i bought at a craft store . it 's just a blank hoop and does n't have anything fancy on it . you can actually make this kind of hoop on your own . all i 'm going to do is add a couple of beads . i 'm going to add one small one and then a larger one for an accent . then i 'm going to add another small one . it opens and closes . whenever you 're adding the beads , you want to turn the hoop to the side . you never want to pull the hoop out , but that 's going to take away its really circular shape . all you have to do to put it in your ear is to slide this through your ear and clasp it right there , and that is your hoop earring . that is how you make a hoop earring .
fz6XzPxdo-0 so , now grace and i have shown you a multitude of exercises that you can do with your partner . now , we 're going to show you some stretches that you can do with your partner . it 's always very important to stretch after any exercise routine that you do . the benefits of stretching with a partner , is the partner will actually help you go a little further than you can do otherwise by yourself . so , grace and i are doing a back to back stretch with our legs crossed . and , this is really going to stretch our back and it 's also going to stretch our groin area . so , what we 're going to do is grace is going to lean back on me and i 'm going to stretch forward . and , with her weight on my back i 'm actually going to stretch farther than i would otherwise . and , then we 're going to switch and then i 'm going to put my weight on grace and push her a little further than she would go . so , this stretch goes like this . ok. lean back on me . and , switch . you want to hold this stretch at least twelve seconds . switch . always remember to breathe when you 're stretching to get more oxygen to the muscles that you 're stretching . so , this stretch can be very relaxing for both parties . and , you 'll definitely get the benefits of flexibility by doing this stretch .
fxhy0lt3T6M scoring systems in pinochle , there are three , actually three primary ways that scoring is accomplished in the game . it does n't matter which one as long as you know what scoring system is going to be employed . progressive scoring , progressive scoring combines the add on feature and the use of not having the subtraction option but having the add on feature . let 's look for an example . supposing the opponents have bid sixty-five and they do have the required twenty meld and let 's just say that we happen to have twenty-two meld which is very important . let us suppose that they only had thirty meld , this is thirty meld right here . now they obviously have to pull the difference between thirty meld and sixty-five , they have to pull thirty-five counters . again , here 's the relationship between this and this . they have thirty meld , they have bid sixty-five , and they need thirty-five counters , thirty-five out of a possible fifty available in the play of the hand . if they fall short , if they fall short , they do n't get that thirty-five , right , then they have lost their bid and their bid goes over to our score . now if they only pulled say thirty counters then we would have pulled the other twenty and we add that on to our meld plus their sixty-five . that 's a big haul for us is n't it ?
ehrw-2jwwCc hi i 'm melody on behalf of expert village i 'm going to show you how to make this boring board this is a push pin and dry eraser board look interesting by using some rub on type of stickers . first you have to decide what you want and i decided that i like to put a little bit of ivy on this board to give it just a little bit of umpth something of interest . we have talked about different type of stickers and applicate and i 'm using a rub on it comes with a stick popsicle stick and you actually just rub it on to the item that you are trying to color . make sure that you rub it on every single piece of the colored side it does n't really give a indication if you have or have n't but just make sure that you cover the whole thing with some rubbing so it would transfer this to your board . alright so you can see that we have taken just this design this is the one want to have right there this is where i want it and i 'm just rubbing until this is being had pressure on it so it would transfer this pattern onto my board . now i 'm going to pull it up just a little bit just to see to make sure i tucked in there which was not a very good thing to do , ops do n't do that there alright unstuck . i 'm going to pull this up here and show you what i ended up getting and this is actually stuck on here this is part of my board now in my next segment what i would show is a little bit more about putting on stickers and applicate to make something more boring look more interesting .
efFKi0ZF-HI prerecording is a very important and very cost saving or cost effective method when you go to record a project . now prerecording essentially means you 're going to record the entire album on your own . you 're probably using a four track or maybe recording into your computer via an inbox or something or on a keyboard . some keyboards like the triton allow you to put drum sounds and add any number of string or horn simulated sounds so that you can hear how this whole album is going to sound in a rough form before you get to the studio . maybe if you do this process and you find oh maybe the horn section does n't sound so good on the beginning of this tune maybe try a string section instead . mess around with the different possibilities so that when you get to the studio you 're very confident about all your ideas , how you want the song arranged and where you want these instruments to be . this is also very integral when you 're writing other parts . so you can hear all the parts played together and perhaps the guitar part and the piano part that you wrote do n't really sound too good together but they sound good on their own . this way you 'll be able to make that assessment before you get to the very expensive studio .
fDlMEawKMUA what i 'm going to be demonstrating is the incline hammer bicep curls . now , you 're going to put bench on an incline . you want to make sure you have good form . your lower back , your upper back as well flat on the bench . okay ? so , you want to control the dumbbells and you want it to be in the hammer position . so , you want to curl it , flex the bicep , bring it down slowly , again , and you want to do about three sets , eight to ten reps. again , coming , bring it down , you definitely want to control the bicep , flexing it when you come up , and then stretch it when you come down . now , you can also switch it up and do the traditional if you want it to . but again , we 're just going to concentrate right on the hammer , if you want it to , you can alternate hammer curls , and you can go back to doing the two , two hands at the same time . so it does , it definitely is your choice , you can switch it up , and that 's how you do the incline hammer bicep curls .
f6SJe6s7FBQ in this clip , all we 're doing is simply putting the kite away . we just went out on the water , had a sick session , great day . but , basically , we want to make sure that we are going to put this kite away in a fashion that 's going to promote us going out and doing that again real nice and easy next time . so , just to keep good bridle maintenance here and make sure nothing 's getting too twisted , i 'm going to detach these lines and i 'm going to reattach the bridles to each other . that way , one bridle ca n't get intertwined within itself and i know everything is just going to be exactly the way i left it next time i pull this kite out . so , i go ahead , i detach those lines and just attach these two bridles just to each other like that . go over here to this other one , do the same thing . and , if you look at the kite , you can see that this kite has a good amount of sand on it . i use my kite everyday it 's windy and i need to make sure that these kites are always in proper working order . so , in order to , you know , really assure that and make sure , you know , that it 's absolutely up to par every time i need it to be , i keep absolutely perfect care of my kites . i will never put them away if they are sandy . and , if they are wet when i get home , i make sure i let them out to dry . really important is , if your kite is wet with salt water , it 's not necessarily the worst thing in the world , these kites are made to be wet , obviously , you use them in the water all the time , but salt water actually does n't mould . that 's the big thing about it . so , if it 's wet with salt water , you can put it away and that 's alright . but if it rains on it or you 're kiting somewhere in the great lakes or somewhere where it 's just fresh water , make sure when you put the kite away , you 're putting away a dry kite . because the next time you open your bag and pull out your kite , all of a sudden , you 're going to find all this nasty mould wrapped around the entire thing . i reach forward , grab my bar and i 'm going to sort of reel up this last little bit of excess line and then just , you know , anyway i can , just kind of hitch it off , tuck it through , and make sure this excess sort of little ends right here .
ehNNiNSqT4c the wood chop is a just functional exercise , and like the name says , it 's just like chopping wood . i know that most of us have never done it , even though if you have , more power to you . and you want to think about the move because we are all familiar with it though . when you get into this stance , your feet are shoulder width apart , toes slightly out , and you want to keep your knees from locking them and you want keep them bent . now you want the hips to be tilted this way , you want to bring the hip bones towards your ribs , like almost like pulling the front of your pants , o.k . and keep that throughout the exercise , make sure that your abdominal wall is not hanging out , mostly coming in , sucking it in towards the lower back . now , just like having an ax , if you want to imagine that , you 're hands are together , you 're coming across from the top right , or your top left if you 're facing me , and coming across and down . as i 'm twisting you notice that my shoulders are going but my hips are not , i 'm not doing this , o.k . and also i want to make sure to point out the shoulder should not be coming forward . so you want to keep the chest open and just do this , a twisting motion that you want to get out of here . so up and down , you do a few on that side , and then you start with the left , again keeping the hips steady and just twisting from the upper body . shoulders are open and back , so you can always have your chest facing the move . it 's almost like leading with your chest right here . make sure that you keep it even on both sides , make sure that you pay attention to any unevenness or any unbalances that may happen if one side is easier than the other . keep that tuck , keep that vacuum and before you know it your core is going to be so much more stronger and your back problems are going to start dissipating . so try it out you wo n't be sorry .
eh1yhX_hwWk in this clip we are going to talk about maintenance for these birds . so , basic maintenance obviously , is food and water . the other maintenance is , these guys get a little bit bored , so you may want to switch out their toys . they should have a decent amount of destructible toys in their cage that they can destroy and like sift through , so any sort of destructible toy needs to be replaced once it becomes destroyed . and these guys also , to maintain their feather quality , they either needed to be misted on a daily basis or by a daily basis , if you can , with a small mister . you can also offer these birds , a lot of them love to take baths , you can offer them a very swallow bowl of water . put it on the bottom of the cage and these birds will like jump in and take a little bath and fluff the water up over their feathers and let it run down their back . the water helps remove any soot and stuff that might be in your household that is accumulating and any sort of dusts . basically , keep their feathers clean . also , compare to their environment , our homes with air conditioning and heat , tend to be extra dry , so lots of time they will have trouble molting their feathers properly and it can end up with some damaged feathers if they do n't have a high enough humidity . again , if you mist them a couple of times a day , this help compensate for the low humidity in your home and keeping a good feather health for these guys . basic other stuff that these guys need , is surely recommended that once year you take them to a vet . where a vet can hold them still and look underneath their feathers , and check underneath their wings . open up their mouths and look into their eyes , to make sure that there is n't beginnings of any serious health problems , which , is difficult for the average owner to do . sometimes these guys need to have their nails trimmed as their nails will get overgrown . if you take your bird out of the cage or considering taking it outside , you need to decide whether to clip these guys wings . it can be fun to have a bird that can fly all over your house and come and goes as it please , but it can also be very dangerous for the bird . so , you may have to clip your birds wings every 12 weeks to every 6 months depending on where and how often your bird is molting . the other basic thing is cage maintenance , so that there is not any loose strings . check your cage so that there is not anything that may wrap around their toes or legs and cut of circulation . you need to clean out their cage and i recommend cleaning it out at least every other day . put down a newspaper and clean it up . at least you can tell if your bird has been eating and all of its stools are looking normal . they are not too bad as far as just day to day maintenance , considered . especially if you only have one bird that you spend at least a couple of hours a day with it . have sort of a more intimate time with your bird , by either sitting next to the cage and talk to them , or having them out with you . if they have other birds they can interact with , you do n't have to spend as much one-on-one time , you just have to make sure that the environment they live in , is safe .
exCr6jRPv-0 this split finger is a pitch that is gripped with the first finger and second fingers severely outside the ball with the thumb under the ball . the split finger causes the ball to rotate very slowly or basically not at all and causes the ball to drop severely when it reaches the batter and that 's a split finger .
fG1hh3rVsKw hi , i 'm carmen lynne with expert village . so now we 're going to be talking about two very important letters . t and i and this is when the t and i are the small versions or the lowercase versions of t and i. we 're looking at the t bar and the i dot . so when we 're looking at the t , we 're looking at the stem of the t and that 's this part right here . and we 're looking at the length and we 're also looking at where on the bar it occurs . so that would be like a regular t right there . now you might have someone with a very highly placed stem or low stem or you might have someone with a very short stem or a very long stem . so all of these things are what factor in and what that represents is a person 's self esteem and self confidence . as you can see from this page right here , there are many different ways of doing the t bar crossing and the t stems . not only the lengths and the height of the t bar , but also sometimes you 've got something like this where its doing a funny little crossover like that and extra loops and loops by the way we 'll get onto that later . they indicate sensitivity generally . and here there are even more t bar crossings of all different types . sometimes they might slant down or up . they might have loops within them . they might be wavy . and so we 're also looking at the i dot . alright here you can see the very different types of i dots . so the i dot represents attention to detail . obviously if you have the dot right over the i , that means you are very meticulous . if you have the i dot flying out ahead of the i , that would seem to indicate that you 're impatient , hasty , want to get things done and the opposite of that would be someone with the i dot before the i like that . that 's someone who might be a little bit holding back on getting things done . and then the dot itself can also be formed in different ways as i think we mentioned before it could be made like a little circle , which would indicate someone with a bit of an artistic flair . or it could be a wavy line and that indicates humor . or it could be a dash which indicates impatience .
fwLEt3v00H0 i want to talk about vitality now . how do we bring more vitality in our living space with feng shui ? so the plants are excellent , excellent thing to implement if we need more vitality because this is your real life force . so this is the chi . plants cleanse air , so they produce a very good vital feeling in the room . so recently nasa did two years research on plants because in the space there , they have a lot of equipment of course . and they discover that there are some common house plants actually cleanse the air from all kinds of pollution including electro-magnetic pollution . and one of the plants that cleanses air is this golden pothos . this is an excellent plant to have in the house . so there are some other plants in the list as well . so but also , it needs a little bit of color . so we need a little bit of red , so some green , some water in the environment as we showed you before in those walden pond , beautiful pictures . so that all helps to bring , to boost that vitality .
