G1ftM-hqgTk so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few tips on how to use a vibration tuner .
g2SdWBPoXZ0 to make a routine , you want to think carefully about what tricks flow well into others , so just try everything . learn how to combine different tricks when juggling three clubs in this free hobby video .
FZrWOf-oGDk watch and learn how to tie thread to a hook to help with fly tying as explained by out expert in this free how-to video on fly tying tips and techniques .
G1dr4C7dn9w remove borders from an image in html to take advantage of transparent backgrounds . code images without borders on an html website with a professional designer in this free web design video .
G19uBylwQww origami paper folding techniques can be used to make paper airplanes . make an origami paper plane with folding instructions from a graphic artist in this free video on japanese origami .
_g0fpC8aiME to safely use a volt-ohm meter , make sure the right settings are in place and pay attention to the black and red colors . learn more about using a volt-ohm meter safely with tips from a general contractor in this free home maintenance video .
G3qZW-hZXaQ the most basic knife thrust is the forward thrust which can be defended with the proper training . prepare for the worst with these tips from a black belt kung fu instructor in this free self defense video .
g0S7FAqIweA firefighters often use the coat method to don a scba . learn how to use the coat method to don scba ( self-contained breathing apparatus ) in this free video on donning firefighter gear .
G38DbiHHTW0 off-side passing in women 's lacrosse is a fun way to pass the ball and improve your ball control . learn how to do an off-side pass in this free lacrosse video lesson .
g3V0BsmDUgY when choosing the right hair style for your face , pull your hair back and take into account the shape of your face . choose the right hair style with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
G2sD7N53ju8 erasing midi data and recorded data is a regular necessity when editing music in pro tools . erase midi data in pro tools with the click of a mouse as an experienced music producer shows you how in this free video .
g3pXM5X3_Xw proper tool preparation will make your ceramic charger plate easier and cleaner to work with . learn how to prepare your clay tools with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
