DOx-0ZSIZkA when choosing a martial art , choose an informed and talented instructor . choose a martial arts fighting system with tips from a martial arts teacher in this free self-defense video .
eIWrXHhCGGU learn tips on how to use loops when recording music at home in this free video clip .
3-0hPEa5oyU scorpio men value trust at the core of their beliefs and require praise , as well as persistence , in order to reunite with an old lover . win back a scorpio with tips from a professional astrologer in this free video on zodiac signs .
af6xGk282eo atvs and dirt bikes can only be legally ridden in certain areas depending on the size and speed of the vehicle . learn more about legal riding for atvs and dirt bikes with expert tips in this free off road vehicles video .
Ev065bWCR5w how to smooth excess glue for silkscreening your own t-shirts ; get professional tips and advice on screen printing custom designs on shirts and other clothing items in this free silkscreening video .
bIjhe8gDbII learn how to add the sugar to red velvet cake with expert baking tips in this free dessert video clip .
5savjXYu3ps a single macchiato is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
CZesCiPtvHc strengthening a judo pin is done by holding an opponent underneath the elbow , squeezing around the neck and spreading legs out . strengthen a pin in judo with tips from a martial arts specialist in this free video on karate .
bg9oveqz688 breathing in the triangle pose of yoga is mindful of the posture and lengthening spine . learn the yoga triangle pose from an instructor in this free yoga video .
0uWLOsjiyMg english three-speed handlebars are considered the north road style . learn more about english three-speed handlebars from a vintage bicycle expert in this free video .
b2k59617MJs in football , a variety of passing routes are used to run an offense , including slant routes , button hooks and post routes . learn passing route plays with tips from a football coach in this free video on football basics .
1MpyWS9FaCc learn the best and most tactful way to handle interruptions to your speech with expert public oration tips in this free online public speaking video clip .
2fab9JCeJOA organic flea control can be performed by spreading cedar chips around a lawn , planting lavender and making repellents with tea tree oil or lavender oil . use care when attempting to organically eliminate fleas with tips from a pet industry specialist in this free video on fleas and pest control .
34CWhRiIkGc yoga hypertension exercises are a great way to stretch trouble areas of the body and help prevent arthritis . learn some tips on how to properly do hypertension exercises from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
F_sEWqq7IaI calling australia from the united states requires first dialing zero-one-one , followed by the country code of 61. make a phone call to australia with tips from a full-service travel agent in this free video on international phone calls .
ba47RuN87hA how to serve your bean burrito bites ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making traditional mexican appetizers in this free cooking video .
BX1hlqMAGU8 get a walk-through of the flare in halo 3 with expert tips and advice on video games in this free xbox 360 instructional video .
aJlETENX3PQ becoming a computer systems manager can happen by starting in an entry-level technology position or by starting a company . become a computer systems manager with tips from an experienced information technology professional in this free video on a career as a computer systems manager .
-eVbw_nRsLI golfers have a tendency to fade the ball when hitting out of the sand . learn some tips for using your nine iron out of the bunker from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
4KRb66D1UyY learn expert tips on how to keep your eye on the ball when playing tennis in this free tennis instruction video .
DqPQn-kdC1Y cutting a section out of a gold ring for sizing should be done with straight clean cuts . learn how to cut out a gold section with tips from a professional jeweler in this free jewelry video .
a7GOrTEEUBs the wood of stretchers is usually pretty soft , so attaching the nails should not be difficult . learn how to stretch and prepare a canvas for painting from a professional artist in this free video .
EOiMSRlFT78 raise a computer literate child and learn how to teach children to edit photos on a child 's computer in this free online video on responsible parenting and the internet .
5pYDbonDZ18 learn the proper way to apply wax to the center part of the eyebrows with expert waxing tips in this free hair removal video clip .
FPGADR-FkMQ learn how to stuff the body of a monkey sock puppet with expert crafting tips in this free video clip on arts and crafts for children .
2HlPsX6WLGw shaping a clay casserole dish can be fun but tricky . watch this free video clip and learn how to start the process from a clay expert .
4ObxeLa2qZ0 learn how to use supplements to help increase your metabolism with expert health tips in this free online metabolism video clip .
E-njnp8kIXA learn some great tips on how to run a route as a receiver in this free video clip on how to play football .
3P-tPal_pno speaking a 16th note drum beat sounds like one , e , and , uh ; two , e , and , uh ; etc . read and play a 16th beat drum note pattern without an `` e '' of beat one and the `` e , and , uh '' of beat two with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
ESj9ntBuj4s disconnecting the windshield wiper transmission is done by removing the wiper transmission ball socket . learn how to disconnect the windshield wiper transmission in these free auto repair video instructions featuring a certified mechanic .
ddXm4aaiQhc electrician qualifications vary based on level and state-specific requirements but generally include passing a test and work experience . learn more about electrician qualifications from a professional electrician in this free video on a career as an electrician .
aGRp69m0a9U when playing saxophone arpeggios in the key of a flat , the triad of a flat , e flat and c is used . play saxophone arpeggios in the key of a flat with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
dT8-Q2IohkA how to understand different types of speaker cable connectors for soldering ; get expert tips and advice from an expert on how to solder electronic equipment in this free instructional video .
bUPfuE5qJ0A learn how to do yoga chest opener to reduce the pain and irritation of carpal tunnel syndrome with expert yoga tips from an professional instructor in this free alternative medicine video clip .
ch9MzHetGH0 when meeting your boyfriend 's parents , portray modesty by wearing a simple dress with matching shoes and accessories . show the parents that you care about your appearance by selecting the right outfit with this free video on women 's fashion from an experienced clothing designer .
5u3Kf-UDpJg in women 's self-defense , the best chance against a takedown is to reverse positions and punch back . defend against takedowns with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on women 's self-defense .
b8AIaywDqaQ practice perfect if you want to play piano perfect . learn some tips for practicing piano from a professional pianist in this free video .
eZGO0ebq4Yc many performers will display and give away stickers with any purchase of another item . learn why this is a good idea and how it helps sell more merchandise from a professional performer in this free video .
bUFsn9GQsCg you have to hear about these bizarre feral cat stories . watch this free video clip and see for yourself .
5_OXVsyFRew signs of a heart attack include chest pain , nausea and shortness of breath . learn how to recognize more heart attack symptoms with expert tips from a certified emergency medical technician ( emt ) in this free video on heart disease .
3jdjvstGv9E becoming a heart surgeon , or cardiac surgeon , requires the typical medical doctor training followed by several years in a surgical residency and several more years in a cardiac fellowship . learn about becoming a heart surgeon with tips from a medical administrator in this free video on career information .
1g93sGtZViI lighting gels come in several different colors and allow photographers to create interesting lighting effects in photos . learn how to use lighting gels for flash photography in this free video on photography lighting techniques from a professional photographer .
DwN6213m2hM learn how to chop romaine lettuce when making a caesar salad , from our expert chef in this free italian food recipe video on making lasagna and caesar salad .
EN2ee15BIyg troubleshooting a heat system differs for a gas or electric ignition . to fix problems in a heating system , check the pilot light , safety switch and gas valve . discover how often a heating system should be inspected for safety reasons using this free video from a home repair specialist on maintaining and fixing houses .
ai4O91p-Quw digestion is very important in a raw food diet . learn more about the process of digestion with tips from an organic gardener in this free raw food video .
4TU-ZdXsONY mix them pieces up and challenge a friend to put the puzzle together . fun ! learn how to make a popsicle puzzle in this free crafts video .
d77HSaTRIQ0 learn about white washing negotiation tips for settling contracts with tips from an expert in this free negotiating video clip .
5bdOK7TM9o0 a rolling cat move in naughty pilates flexes the spine and points the tail bone sexually up . learn rolling cat in naughty pilates from an instructor in this free pilates arm workout video .
ebnQVZnaXpA explore the variety of buddhist schools in this free alternative medicine video .
BmzVCdCJFvI atemi , or aikido striking technique , to an opponent 's forearm can be used to break a single wrist grab . learn an atemi from a single wrist grab , from a 5th degree aikido black belt and united states martial arts hall of fame inductee in this free aikido video .
c9IiNEymXCI learn how to copyright a movie with expert movie industry advice in this free online independent film distribution video clip .
4KFB62aZFqk learn proper golf swing posture and get tips on how to correct your golf swing in this free golfing technique video .
C7jxr_8o1Dg move with the left foot first when going to the backhand . learn about side-to-side backhand movement and covering the court in squash with this free video on squash drills .
1G7WDkvSoTc holding a cowbell correctly is important because improper hand holding may actually mute some of the sound when it is hit . play this auxiliary percussion instrument with tips from an experienced musician in this free video .
Ejrdr0asmq8 drawing a dodge viper requires first studying the car in person , taking note of its distinctive details and paying close attention to proportion and dimensions . render a realistic image of a dodge viper with a demonstration from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
cDgWv3bd_9M strobe lights in photography are a great way to make the shutter speed faster to catch action shots , and they are daylight balanced and much cooler than most lights . discover how strobe lights can be beneficial to both studio and location shoots with information from a professional art and commercial photographer in this free video on photography .
3hJ6nwe0z7k what kind of guitar amplifier do you need . learn about the sound qualities of different guitar amplifiers in this free guitar equipment video from a guitar teacher and band member .
4WycH64wvgU peaking when recording in any program or on any hardware interface is bad and causes a distorted sound at the moment of peaking . prevent peaking by watching fader heights , knowing big notes in a track and taking tips from an experienced recording engineer in this free video .
ao4EesD6R44 learn how remove the carburetor from a motorcycle for repair work with expert automotive tips in this free online motorcycle maintenance and repair video clip .
BpYDl3AO4B8 clay that is centered for ceramic bottle making needs to be nice and wet . center clay to throw a corked bottle with tips from an artist in this free video on ceramics and pottery .
5eGEUqb-sno benefits of strengthening around the hip and knee joints are to increase shock absorption capability of those muscles and , thus , taking the stress off of the joints . discover new and effective exercise routines for knee and hip arthritis sufferers with tips from an experienced medical professional in this free video .
CEvBaMFEbRk full-pivot high rear roundhouse kicksare powerful roundhouse kicks in kickboxing that target the head and neck . learn how to do a full-pivot high roundhouse kick in this free kickboxing techniques video .
a06vXEuGNWQ the unraisable arm is a kiatsu exercise that increases focus on a specific object and uses that to harness shoulder strength . watch this black belt aikido instructor teach the details of this related art form in this free martial arts video .
D4mgmRLwbfU knowing how to cut cilantro correctly will make the job quieter and faster , as well as yielding a more even product . learn how to make pork chops with three meats , potatoes and bananas from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
FsnkwSLmqUQ potters should wet hands when working on potter 's wheel . learn how to center clay on a potter 's wheel when throwing a clay vase in this free pottery lesson from a ceramics expert .
3CSce5LuX0w finish a clay fishermen sculpture by spraying the piece with enamel and painting with style . paint a clay sculpture with an award-winning sculptor in this free video art lesson on clay sculpting .
0p3s9Bl6B50 a clay chalice should be secured for trimming on the potter 's wheel . see how to trim the upper portion of a chalice in this free ceramics video .
cIFGHrhp86c walking the runway with both hands on your hips adds balance to the standard model walk . walk the catwalk with two hands on your hips like a runway model in this free modeling video .
-7dymVZqxQs take a brayer and smooth out paper to make sure glue is evenly spread . learn how to add embellishments to a mother 's day wall hanging with tips from a scrapbooking specialist in this free crafts video .
eZM2mA1D974 learn how to choose chairs for your living room in this home decorating video .
d5zgFXhLZrA flatten throwing lines on the outside of a clay pot by applying pressure with a pottery rib . flatten out the throwing lines on a clay jar using the pottery wheel techniques from an artist in this free video on ceramics .
b-8SvzArq50 learn about doing a depth push up exercise for the upper body in this free fitness video on upper body cross training exercises .
5VkXcJblh4o learn how to select paper to use when designing and making homemade buttons with expert crafting tips in this free arts and crafts video clip .
2rKKuk1wNFk learn how to use the neurok hoversail artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
3qrzHRSwDSg learn how to properly put together a healthy diet in order to lead a more active lifestyle in this free health and fitness video clip .
cvlSUoDBcGY learn how to do a hero twist yoga pose from a yoga expert in this free exercise video about using props in yoga workouts .
eRV8dJD1j5M when picking out a dress for a formal dinner party , find something that is comfortable and made out of silk or satin fabrics . find a dress for a formal dinner party that will allow room for food with this free video from a clothing designer on fashion advice .
52MbWpfvuF0 learn how to mix the dry ingredients to make pumpkin spiced cupcakes for your holiday party in this free recipe dessert video on making pumpkin spiced cupcakes .
btl9ykNAgdk how to finish applying makeup like the singer christina aguilera ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
c84u7Cu3Z60 learn how to use a food processor for making picadillo con arroz with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
dOZNG54BrCY when dressing for white water canoeing , make sure to dress for the water temperature and not just the air temperature . learn what clothing and gear you 'll need to deal with air and water temperature on a canoeing trip in this free online instructional video .
3qufJOQV8AY keep clay pottery bowl clean to make it last longer . find out suggestions for placement of small clay salsa bowls withing larger one in this free pottery lesson from a ceramics expert .
CCJLpb6hDAE decreasing blackheads is done by exfoliating the face regularly . learn more ways to decrease blackheads with expert tips from a beauty professional in this free video about acne and blemishes .
crmhmhYv8UY learn how to stuff and sew a monkey sock puppet with expert crafting tips in this free video clip on arts and crafts for children .
EMmarMrusMk it 's important to know the names of the notes you 're playing when learning a musical instrument . learn more about naming notes from a professional musician in this free video .
Cssfh2Ujyxw proper golf etiquette means calling ahead to verify tee times , checking dress codes and staying quiet while others are hitting . discover other golf etiquette tips from a golf instructor in this free video on golf .
Dry9388-g5M to add background colors to a myspace profile page , find html color codes using a search engine , and then paste the code into the edit selection of a myspace profile . add background colors with tips from a myspace user in this free video about designing a myspace page .
DyRUJyqutFg runners often suffer from pulled hamstrings . learn how to do sports massage therapy for hamstring injuries in this free massage video lesson for athletes and massage therapists .
eaUqGHWE_ZQ renting jewelry is a great option for someone who ca n't afford to buy an elaborate piece of jewelry for a special occasion . check out local jewelry stores and online companies for jewelry rental with helpful information from a jeweler representative in this free video on jewelry retail .
0JIOoquMoas how to play high hat lifts on the drums ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
_dmOY2H6ZPs flowers may not look right without creating a stem . get tips on creating a stem for a photo flower pot from a crafts expert in this free video .
1PyZfKulLtI it 's important to water organic parsley seeds consistently in order to help them germinate . learn some helpful tips for watering parsley seeds from a professional organic gardener in this free gardening video .
CR-YuYN2oxA electricians should be aware of local requirements for becoming an electrician and possess strong math skills . get electrician career information from a professional electrician in this free video on a career as an electrician .
cbO226-QjRk use a floor jack on your car when changing a car 's oil . our expert car mechanic explains how in this free auto-maintenance video on diy oil changes .
3z6hXSbcOuI sinkers are useful fishing rod components that are typically used for catching smelt when ice fishing . learn to rig an ice fishing micro rod with a sinker from a professional hunting guide in this free fishing video .
0zgDVioBL-0 learn how to use nunchucks in this free martial arts video from our second degree black belt expert william joseph hill .
F9bppjW9Lg0 get in the mood for art by listening to music and researching magazines before developing different sketch ideas and designs . learn to get in the mood for art with tips from an illustrator in this free video on art .
BzZCAiXxpjQ giclee reproductions can be printed on different types of canvas . learn about the types of canvas available with expertise from a professional artist in this free giclee video clip .
24bTW_VsU8c pals is a group that allows younger children to participate in the ffa . learn about the future farmers of america pals group from an ffa member in this free animal husbandry video .
a0FO8zy1kAU finishing touches for a ceramic teapot can include adding a fancy handle . learn how to finish off your ceramic teapot with expert tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
2v2idDn5g6U basic pig care includes keeping pigs safe from dogs , fully hydrated and active . raise healthy pigs with tips from a pig sanctuary in this free video on pig care .
3hgkq8U0gfI learn about home school versus public school geography with expert tips from an experienced teacher and home school authority in this free homeschooling video clip .
0CSAuZM2jAU learn how to use a dog leash that has an attached collar in this free dog training video .
2BKgLqeuexI corpse pose ends many yoga sequences or practices , though not typically part of a sun salutation . learn yoga sun salutation poses like corpse pose from a certified instructor in this free yoga video .
b6ZncJ7ikxQ learn how to throw rings like a master in this free video series that teaches you the proper techniques for learning how to juggle .
-9nBmSvp2Co learn how to check the consistency for your healthy homemade fudge recipe in this free dessert recipe video on making healthy homemade fudge .
DK37vKjXI40 how to apply natural foundation and get a natural makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on beauty makeup and women 's cosmetics in this free instructional video .
FVwFvdForSY learn how to use the chromatic star artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
Do0P2JIjlLU yoga 's supta padangusthasana has variations that involve holding the big toe and opening the hips . learn supine yoga poses like supta padangsthuasana i from a certified instructor in this free yoga video .
31wCxWQRe70 removing chest hair with electrolysis is not particularly painful . see how chest hair is removed with electrolysis from an experienced hair and body care specialist in this free video on hair removal .
Fs5CtoGp4hM learn how to cut with lunges in sabre fencing with expert fencing tips in this free video clip on beginner sabre fencing .
BlhCuryvt88 the first step in throwing the top of a ceramic plant pot is to open and enter the form . open clay to throw a plant pot with tips from an artist in this free video on ceramics and pottery .
2I8fXwYq14A in dj scratching , the crossfader turns off the record and turns it on again . think about each hand like a snare drummer when doing crossfading in dj scratching with help from a music teacher in this free video on dj scratching and turntables .
BJzECtHtXt8 instructions on how to identify strut mount car problems with expert auto maintenance tips in this free car repair video clip .
d1B_A3PPHxo learn how to do a lead leg front kick in jeet kune do in this free martial arts lesson video from a kung fu master .
BtG-2TZ5Cnk winemaking equipment includes chlorine test papers , which measures the chlorine in water . find out more about chlorine test papers with expert tips from a wine maker in this free video about how to make wine .
BixW4GUbsKo knowing when to push or fold is important to learn in omaha poker , as even double-suited hands can end up being bad hands . learn to fold a mediocre hand when necessary with helpful information from an experienced card player in this free video on poker tournament strategies .
eJK-Ruwwyeg six to 11 servings of grains a day should be consumed depending on body weight . learn more about the benefits of eating grains with tips from a certified nutritionist in this free health video .
cOuKK2pnIlc how to bake german chocolate cake ; get expert tips on making traditional french dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
59DZXnuesVo releasing energy for anger management moves the emotions through the body in a positive productive way . release energy with tips from a professional consultant in this free anger management video .
3yyCYNdioNk learn how to prepare a budget for a play production with expert playwriting advice in this free play production and theater video clip .
a6TzGdEN1fI learn how to use the demon 's horn artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
CerG8JKzDIE solid contact is important for producing good and accurate golf shots . learn some tips for hitting clean golf shots from our golfing professional in this free video .
2_NTj_8kum0 sports underwear are just as important for working out and exercising as workout clothes . get tips for picking quality sports underwear in this free women 's fashion video .
5T5SbEEosO4 learn how to stretch muscles for carpal tunnel syndrome relief with expert massage tips in this free massage therapy video clip .
EYlOVr0fIjw synchronous four-club juggling puts both hands in motion together , rather than alternating . perform synchronous four-club juggling with tips from a juggler in this free video on hobbies .
3BcZGgnQ1pY the rheingold is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
FnZ9QGApI7w learn about the different types of text messaging with expert cellular and mobile phone tips in this free text messaging video clip .
a8fcfTZ3qc8 mixed numbers are subtracted by finding a common denominator for the fractions , and then dealing with the whole numbers . subtract mixed numbers , which are a whole number and a fraction , with tips from a math tutor in this free video on fractions .
e6q1abCQOV0 get tips on upgrading the suspension forks of your cross-country bike in this free bicycle accessories buying guide on video .
38AINTReSmQ women increase their safety in public by maintaining safe personal space , staying aware of the immediate surroundings , and assessing potentially dangerous people . learn how women can maximize their safety in public in this free self-defense video .
a9y_t2bfBUE get into a rhythm to effectively practice volleys in squash . learn how to practice forehand volleys with two players in this free video on squash drills .
5kefs0tiybg do n't use too much weight when doing bodybuilding biceps concentration curls . watch a demonstration of proper biceps concentration curls from a nationally competitive bodybuilder in this free weight lifting video .
CRihcxVn3ho the best way to get to know somebody is by asking open-ended questions and actively listening to their responses . get to know someone well by asking them how they feel with tips from the author of several dating books in this free video on relationship advice .
4MiH1amf9o8 a production assistant pedestals a camera by moving it up and down while the camera is stationary . pedestal a camera with tips from an experienced production assistant in this free video on television careers .
ciKMqC7Z9qw learn how to light a habitat for veiled chameleons and keep the temperature between 85 and 90 degrees and get more expert advice about caring for chameleons in this free reptile video clip .
E802rDA8bBw organize dresses by how well they hang in a closet . learn how to create space for hanging dresses in a closet with expert tips in this free organizational instruction video .
58V2ouWtjYI a bb gun sight is how a shooter judges where they aim . learn how to point , aim , and shoot bb guns , pellet guns , or air guns in this free instructional video .
24TmteU4nno learn how to safely and correctly leave a dock in a sailboat with expert boating tips in this free video clip on sailing .
dSMDmXWN41E frog extensions are a great lower body leg workout and tubing or resistance bands are a great workout tool to use to increase intensity . learn how these are done and their benefits from a health and fitness expert in this free video clip .
DF4RFY6eQIo a prosumer digital camera is a semi-pro camera with quality features that put it between consumer cameras and digital slrs . learn all about prosumer digital cameras in this free photography video .
6-P00zlHTS8 unclog a dishwasher by cleaning debris from the basket , using commercial drain clog products in the hose or using a plumber 's drain clear . consider replacing the drain line if the clog is very bad with insight from a remodeling contractor in this free video on home repair and maintenance .
4WUiuErVRr4 atv prices vary widely based on quality , age and brand name . learn about specific atv price ranges with expert tips in this free off road vehicles video .
4IFsFC8omXs learn how to make one toothpick jump with another toothpick at the dinner table in this free magic lesson video .
3jACslhjyzs in kickboxing , punches are designed to snap back , which is more effective and requires less effort . kickbox with tips from a martial arts teacher in this free video on kickboxing .
1I70ko7Kn8E learn to create chip clips using clothespins and more in this free instructional online arts and crafts video .
CItSk4bsNwY tips on getting dinner as a christmas gift for co-workers in this free holiday video so that you take the guesswork out of office holiday party gift giving .
Bcu-cez8Cmw elliptical trainers are sometimes self-generated machines that operate in accordance with movement . operate an elliptical trainer with tips from a personal trainer in this free video on elliptical trainers .
d5Bwt4KOQkg learn the sivananda yoga kakasana ( crow ) pose in this free exercise video .
FvSC4TmrXkk learn how to safely store the rome 22caliber revolver when finished in this free how-to video on proper maintenance of a rome 22caliber revolver .
2xl5jCBJCtU eco friendly dishwashing and conservation tips , and learn about conserving water by filling the sink up on one side in this free conservation video .
4GcEpqBnwSU learn how to do a final pass over the faces of the rock with an 800 grit polishing drill bit in this free rock polishing and collecting video clip .
BROt5CSw54w there are many helpful ball handling drills in basketball . learn about the defensive drill in this free sports video clip .
1s1TPdCUvhQ watch as a seasoned professional helps the diyer prepare to use a pressure washer in this free online video about home maintenance .
3VWb_FCGVlo the origin of kali is based on the story of how the prince regained his throne . hear the story behind the game from the creator of kali in this free gaming video .
ebBahfwv_20 developing large prints in the darkroom gets expensive with paper and chemicals . learn to choose print size when developing photographic prints in a darkroom in this free photography video .
CzstrpOTtgo learn how to give a memorable audition for a broadway show with expert performance tips in this free online broadway related video clip .
3LpTpsbfQZg removing electric cooling fan mounting bolts should be done with care not to damage the plastic of the radiator . learn how to remove electric cooling fan mounting bolts in these free auto repair video instructions .
eKJ0cdlmwSs by dotting in the color , you avoid missing spots while tattooing . learn how to tattoo permanent eyebrows on in this free video about applying permanent eyebrow makeup .
1eA1cI1yI7w how to refill your brake fluid . learn how to remove and replace worn brake hoses in this free video on car maintenance .
1XMJJ7B4Vjo when gargling with mouth rinse , start by swishing and then force air through the throat while the head is tilted back . gargle properly with tips from a licensed dental assistant in this free video series on dental health and oral hygiene .
CezAiMXhSR0 some ingredients for french chicken include basil , mustard and spinach . find out more about the ingredients for french chicken with expert tips from a chef in this free recipe video .
bwnfdMdvWFQ do n't confuse dehydrated skin with dry skin . learn how to treat dehydrated skin in this free skin care video from a licensed medical aesthetician .
C5AGpfOfqfo play , or walk measures five through eight in a d major scale for advanced bass guitar ; learn how from our professional bass guitar player and composer in this free music instruction video .
eRyfXbQC244 learn how to use plastic picture frame molding like a professional with expert home décor tips in this free online framing video clip .
Fyfpy_WNdkA tooth fillings can be temporarily replaced with temporary filling material found at the pharmacy . discover how to temporarily replace a tooth filling with tips from a licensed dental assistant in this free video series on dental health and oral hygiene .
3iIjMLAa3Zg you want your crochet pocket to open nicely , so do n't go all the way to the edge when connecting the two sides . learn how to crochet a bag from start to finish in this free crafts video .
Do03bwXWZQs how you body processes food in a free video .
E49_z3rxp_A learn how to attach garbage disposal drains in this free home improvement video from a kitchen appliance expert .
FGRuEn1-V4U how to plane end grain on a board with a block plane ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on carpentry tools in this free home improvement video .
aUvJfBrBw08 a variation of the yoga fish pose will open up the chest but should not stress the neck or spine . learn more about how to do the fish yoga pose variation with tips from yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
ETB6RvkszJE plie squat workouts are done with holding a heavy plate in a wide stance and dropping the tailbone straight down to the floor . do plie squats with a plate with tips from a professional trainer in this free video on personal fitness .
1FGZO3MoD0s watch and learn why it 's so important to stretch out your hip flexor for gymnastics in this free fitness video on gymnastics stretches and warm ups .
bDcAsL-rwz0 a desert tortoise 's environment should have a mixture of sand , some rocks to climb on and heat lamps . take care of desert tortoises and provided a proper diet with tips from a reptile specialist in this free video on turtle care .
dojAV9JNPK4 memory wire makes stretchy bracelets for any size wrist . learn how to bead memory wire for a bracelet in this free crafting video clip from a professional jewelry artist .
e0kNnk7zgbs there are four basic types of wood used when constructing a guitar : mahogany , alder , ash and basswood . expert craftsman will show you which to use when building your own guitar in this free guitar-building video .
1Cjb2vNtyho learn about itinerary tips for musicians on the road in this free video clip about touring bands .
dAsfl95f8KA matching a necklace to a neckline completes an outfit , as strapless necklines can be paired with a louder necklace , v-necks go well with drop pendent necklaces , and a collared shirt works well with a bolder piece . complement a neckline with the right necklace , keeping it in proportion to the overall body size , with advice from a freelance fashion reporter in this free video on style .
amV6RDiYUKI tips for creating a series of related encaustic wax paintings that can fit together for presentation ; learn tips tricks and more from expert john vandebrooke for creating beautiful encaustic wax paintings in this free art lesson on video .
bmB1tITnsHE common backyard plants can be poisonous , which may be hazardous to children . identify poisonous and hazardous plants with tips from a parenting specialist in this free home safety video .
C6CILKCcts0 ingredients for chicken and chorizo sausage ragu include oregano , rice , and assorted vegetables . learn what else you 'll need for this dish with tips from an expert chef in this free culinary video .
-6bge-DwjfQ learn basic vocalization to use when playing the didgeridoo with expert instrument instruction in this free online music video clip about australian instruments .
1gS4Hb9gpOI when watercolor painting , paint in a comfortable area like an art studio in order to avoid stress . eliminate watercolor painting stress with tips from an award-winning artist in this free video on watercolor painting .
DP98lac4P3s using compression in logic pro 8 is a very detailed and fine-tuned art that can easily be overdone without a few tips on how to use it . begin using effects such as compression on loops and other audio tracks in logic pro 8 recording sessions with tips from an experienced music producer in this free video .
3PW6K0vdv4E in advanced three-ball juggling , behind-the-back , blind start multiplexes is simply holding three balls in an upside down triangle , only behind the back . juggle multiplexes with a behind-the-back blind start with three balls with tips from a professional juggler in this free video on hobbies .
53HpkBzxxEM bras can be pretty expensive , so learn how to maintain your bras with basic tips from a bra specialists in this free video on women 's lingerie .
ETxd_EaltbI soccer players in eighth grade should go to high school soccer games as the first step towards preparation . prepare for high school soccer with tips from a soccer coach in this free video on soccer .
3Sd2KRf-Fvo learn about root notes as you learn how to fingerpick the blues on the guitar , from a professional guitar player in this free video music lesson .
ClHTYSGkUKw hit longer drives by breaking down the wall ; try this golf tip to improve your drives and better your golf game in this free video golf lesson .
5e4utvvQ1CE tips for becoming an expert juggler . learn how to with expert tips and advice on juggling in this free video clip on juggling clubs and balls .
CUnZgauCwa8 the left lower back pose in yoga involves using breath to stretch the back muscles . learn how to do the left lower back yoga pose with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga video .
33aDtPSJeVM learn to fold an origami heart with instructions from a professional artist in this free video about paper folding crafts .
bjscKZkZuO0 coq au vin is a great traditional french dish perfect for a tasty dinner and our expert shows you how to garnish this recipe in a free cooking video .
DzIbinOYyRA learn finishing touches when installing a bi-fold door from a professional contractor in this free video on home remodeling and construction .
FU6kAaVVlNM for creamy tomato shrimp risotto , have a big sauce pan and three sauce pots handy for preparing this dish . gather utensils and pots for creamy tomato shrimp risotto with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
dwxB_OaeAAg yixing teapots are designed to brew black and oolong teas that release flavors into the walls of the teapot . learn to use a yixing teapot with tips from a tea lounge owner in this free tea brewing video .
5FcM7F3ACfo you need to have a clean three balls juggling pattern before you begin . learn about the basics of three balls juggling from a juggling specialist in this free entertainment series .
3k5eFttEDg0 tips for stringing together beads and gems to make rock and gemstone jewelry ; learn this and more in this free arts and crafts video series taught by an expert .
4K_FAmYAd2o three types of curling irons include chrome barrels , which are less expensive , gold barrels , which can be used occasionally , and ceramic barrels , which are made for daily use . choose the right curling iron for a particular hair type with information from a professional hairstylist in this free video on styling tools .
29dGdKvS_io the finger lock push is a great self defense move for frontal assaults . learn how to do the finger lock push with tips from a martial arts expert in this free women 's self defense video .
FpCxtyb65e4 nitrates in a reef fish tank can slow the growth of the coral reef and may affect the fish if not kept at acceptable levels . lower the nitrates in a reef tank with tips from the manager of a fish pet store in this free video on pet care .
1NsGTF3dlIo looking for a healthy diabetic recipe ? learn how to make lemon juice for fruit pizza with expert healthy cooking tips in this free recipe video .
dXhMT-J1VlY designing a sail requires certain tools . get expert tips and advice on canvas and sailing terminology in this free video .
dwj_XH2_R8k football running backs need to be fast and agile . learn a football agility and speed drill for running backs in this free sports exercise and conditioning video .
ETc6FAN8cAI like any other casino game , you want to learn how to play hands that pay out in craps . learn more in this free video series that will have you playing and winning like a pro in no time .
3fsl4kt1VPA traveling lunges are great leg workouts that emphasize hip extension to build strength . practice traveling lunges with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on lower body exercises .
4XlVMRXLydg chi is the life force energy in all of us . learn how to find you chi in qigong with this free exercise video from a qigong instructor .
2DMNQnJ_L8w the bow and arrow exercise is a gentle yoga stretch that opens the hips and stretches the hamstrings . perform the bow and arrow exercise with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free video on yoga .
FYsb1Ph5pxk removing rust from stainless steel usually requires just a little bit of light oil , such as wd40 , and some sanding with a fine sandpaper . avoid etching the surface of stainless steel when removing rust , and consider using a mixture of baking soda and lemon juice to gently remove rust with help from a remodeling contractor and home repair specialist in this free video on rust removal .
2wyra6zfSS8 the most basic shot of squash is the straight drive . learn about squash terms , including what a straight drive shot is , in this free video from a squash instructor .
5RyQtjyUSnA when throwing a clay bowl , decide width of bowl when there is still plenty of clay left to work with . learn how to plunge a clay bowl in this free pottery lesson from a ceramics expert .
D_JD-STwIrs wood such as plywood is a good backing for glass mosaics . learn how to choose mosaic backing to do glass mosaics in this free video .
2Hp1BsgvX2E learn how to play 'hesitation ' for an improv comedy routine in this free video clip .
Dsxh-CC90XE the beer buster is a mixed drink with beer that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
eKFJz8xO_-E control line thickness in an ink drawing using varying pressure with a brush . learn about line thickness with tips from an illustrator in this free drawing video .
cM5dUxZDiT4 squeeze a defender in basketball by using two people to box them out . create rebounding opportunities with the coaching tips in this free video on basketball moves from an experienced basketball player .
C39F_fL63cM stretching and pulling to relieve tension and heal common sports injuries is the main focus of the sports massage therapy . learn more in this free massage video lesson for athletes and massage therapists .
cWDnahgc4go dress in drag by selecting a bright dress and wearing a brazier , pantyhose and elaborate makeup . finish off a homemade drag costume by wearing a styled wig with this free video from a costume shop owner .
-fSI2e1pqkY find out about using a paper towel to correct your mistakes when painting including time you have to make corrections . learn this and more in this free video art lesson about painting as taught by expert matt cail .
3sQki2OFgZs hairstyles with long , moving hair allow good attitude in your fashion croquis illustrations . draw fashion hairstyles like a long , moving cut in this free fashion croquis video with a fashion designer .
FxqAdLHW6Cw do n't ever use chemicals to clean a turtle 's shell . learn to clean a turtle 's shell with tips from the owner of a reptile store in this free pet care video .
ccrwvGYIqyg a paper fortune teller can be used for a fun game . make a paper fortune teller with folding instructions from a graphic artist in this free video on paper folding .
cd1IeCWKPZ0 when cleaning a bathroom , window screens are important to keep dust out of the house when the windows are open . clean bathroom windows with tips from an experienced housekeeper in this free video on housecleaning .
ahPedg4SiYQ train your dog to stop barking by training them to bark on command and ignoring off-command barking , or redirecting barking dogs with a toy or crate . use cooked chicken or natural dog treats to reinforce dog training with tips from a professional dog trainer in this free video on dog obedience .
b-GWqAkT_gg fix smelly compost heaps or compost bins by learning to give them enough oxygen and adding materials that are airy in this free gardening video .
cihw5_CUyjM learn some great tips on how to know your leftover food still okay to eat from our expert in this free health video on how to store food .
cizJa-rBQP0 to become an arkansas game warden , a written and physical exam must be passed along with an extensive interview . learn more about how to become a game warden in arkansas with tips from an experienced game warden in this free hunting video .
eVsDOWPXvv4 learn how to approach a bmx abubaka with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
038vE9JsU9I baby power comes in handy for saxophone maintenance . learn how to care for a saxophone in this free saxophone care and maintenance video from an expert in instrument repair .
ElaF_ejo_tI learn how to square two digit numbers ending in 5 in your head in this free video series . get mental math tips from these online tutoring lessons .
DvleK-t0Tr0 the belly dance shuffle move is usually done on the toes . learn more about the shuffle belly dancing move with tips from a belly dance expert in this free dance lesson video .
azQqsfnTGgs hair color touch ups are applied only to the new growth of hair at the root . learn about color touch ups with tips from a professional hair stylist in this free beauty guide video .
aCc-DzPTDo4 how to pick flower bulbs for planting ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on picking , buying , and planting flower bulbs in this free gardening video .
dnP9UN0x5c4 learn from our expert in sambo martial arts how to do a two throw move in this free training video on doing sambo martial arts .
4MXwmQ7Ht6E how to turn a cuff for hemming pants ; get professional tips and advice on methods and techniques on sewing and altering clothing in this free instructional video .
1W4YokNwUtY when performing the standing side flexions exercise with weights , stand tall to work out the abdominal muscles . practice this intricate posture exercise with tips from a personal trainer in this free workout video .
4V5_CwSgAek eyeshadow application can be tricky . get tips for using a eyeshadow brush to apply makeup in this free beauty and fashion video clip .
_Dh512GX6d8 before applying eyebrow wax it is important to check the wax temperature . learn how to check eyebrow wax temperature with tips from a hairstylist in this free beauty care video .
cW3xiVm2R_c baiting an ice fishing hook can be tricky when dealing with live bait . learn a few tips for baiting an ice fishing hook from a professional hunting guide in this free fishing video .
CFHzSFK56l0 becoming a ceo is not easy and only a few have all the necessary skills . get a better understanding of how to become a ceo from a business entrepreneur and strategy consultant in this free career video .
FIDFw9Q1VFQ learn how to serve lentil soup , following this heart healthy online recipe video .
D0iuBDSfydw learn how to do a front side smith grind 180 out and land fakie in this free skateboarding video .
dMSD3TMIf64 learn how to boot a tire for bike maintenance in this free bike maintenance video .
CuV4xbu8R7Q practice fingerstyle guitar patterns and hammer ons with the c major chord . learn to play fingerstyle guitar for acoustic rock from a musician in this free guitar video .
BGijBIFry44 the sensei on the rocks is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
FJ4ixIH6EL0 proper judo pins require covering an opponent the right way by not have a leg or other part of the lower body between their legs . learn about judo pins with tips from a martial arts specialist in this free video on karate .
Co3RJCul1wM each rap and hip hop beat usually includes detailed sounds to make it sound distinct and unique . create rap beats with the best of them with tips and information from an experienced and accredited rap producer in this free video .
2z7yapVQi4A learn how to safely and correctly tack a sailboat with expert boating tips in this free video clip on sailing .
3UJQSGAyuk8 learn the back roll move in sambo martial arts in this free self-defense training video .
bWVThlsOpZg save the planet by becoming an environmentalist . find out how to get a job in marine conservation in this environmental career video from a fisheries economist .
ahch9_qa0ms poker table tops and chips can be found online or at local retailers , especially during the holidays . find a great poker table top , some of which fold up in thirds for easy storage , with instructions from an experienced card player in this free video on the game of poker .
FpSN0NBfZW8 in this free whitewater rafting safety video lesson an expert will discuss and demonstrate the different paddles signals used .
aeLalvY48GI freelance photographers have a schedule that is constantly changing , and they need to be flexible in order to be accommodating . become a freelance photographer by approaching newspapers and other similar organizations with tips from a professional photographer in this free video on photography .
5hwbFwEFp-U if someone grabs a kid by the shirt or the jacket , the kid can get away by losing the jacket . learn how to escape a lapel grab in this free video on kid 's self-defense .
e8jiKkp6nmM tighter skateboard trucks will make the skateboard harder to turn , and loose trucks will turning easier . get tips for tightening or loosening the trucks of your skateboard in this free skateboard maintenance and repair video lesson .
C2jUaDF1do0 personalizing a gift or letter is as simple as making your own envelopes from scratch . make envelopes with a scrapbooking craftswoman in this free video on gifts and crafts .
_cC2lnfGzLs learn about planning the budget for a non-profit organization in this free business startup video from our management expert on non-profit organizations .
29bH60v5RgA water is going to be the most important thing to plan for when making a camping trip . learn how to select water containers for camping in this free outdoors video .
Ebr7k43pTnY adjust bicycle handlebars by loosening two five-millimeter allen screws to correct the angle . make adjustments to bicycle handlebars with tips from a bike mechanic in this free video on bicycles .
bAyOaU525z4 iron the top because it makes it a little easier to sew it if it is already ironed in place . plus it gives it a nice sharper edge at the top . learn how to make a grocery sack holder in this free sewing video .
cU2yKPRglaM taking note of the roundness of wheel when truing the wheel is important to make sure the bicycle wheel is trued properly . learn how to true a bicycle wheel in this free video on bicycle wheel building .
2NAwqNIwQwM toe raise exercises use core body weight as the resistance to strengthen calf muscles . use this exercise to stay healthy and fit and to prevent injuries in the future . enjoy these tips from a professional fitness instructor in this free video .
D77AOJNxQyA learn how to make the handles for cloth grocery bags with expert crafting tips from an expert clothes designer in this green living and recycling video clip .
C4eORMISP3w using compost from compost heaps or compost bins for mulch , the amount to use and learn about seasonal changes in this free gardening video .
aoxdgLgKXLI learn how to start circuit bending project on a toy guitar in this free video series that will help you understand how and when to utilize this unique way of making music .
atX6ZxcC-5U the encircling leap dog acupressure point , also called gallbladder 30 , is useful for hip dysplasia . learn more about how to trigger the encircling leap acupressure point in your dog with tips from a veterinary technician in this free dog care video .
-b4_y6LOSx0 some of the pros of being a middle school teacher are seeing students succeed and having summer vacation , while cons include low pay , long hours and dealing with administrative red tape . weigh the pros and cons of being a high school teacher with tips from a high school teacher in this free video on career information .
d45LDS0KVy0 learn how to help your friends if they have to swim to shore . this video clip series will discuss and teach you some valuable maneuvers you might need the next time you 're on the water .
3rhMHxe12z4 some symptoms of turtle diseases include bubbles coming out of the nostrils and diarrhea . look out for symptoms of turtle diseases , such as upper respiratory infections , with tips from a reptile specialist in this free video on turtle care .
3j8uot1QlVQ soccer players often suffer from injuries and problems in their shins . learn how to do sports massage therapy for soccer injuries in this free massage video lesson for massage therapists and athletes .
-f1_kdl050s keep your parakeets safe and healthy with these free video tips from a pet care specialist .
5iDuCS4XBjI do n't contaminate lathe wheels with different wood finishes . learn how fast to run your lathe when finishing a turned wood bowl in this free woodworking lesson from a woodturning instructor .
3X0aqAnjB2w to unload a ruger mark iii pistol , drop the magazine out of the chamber by pushing the magazine release . learn to unload a ruger mark iii in this free video on handgun use .
CnjmLmtgg4c it helps water skiers to practice handle passes on land first . practice water skiing handle passes with tips from a trick water skier in this free video on advanced trick water skiing .
c-y6gzX2k2Q drawing a maiden 's lower body often involves a flowing dress or gown . draw a maiden 's lower body with a professional cartoonist in this free art and drawing video .
CezTRYsHx4o go from couch potato to runner in a few short weeks by running in various intervals and by using different training methods to increase the heart rate . get in shape and healthy through running by following tips from a personal trainer in this free video on exercising .
dMa-39k9_y8 mexican ponchos are a great way to keep warm . learn tips for adding trim to your fleece poncho in this free video series about how to make a poncho without sewing .
eaMeqHTUQSY perform the staff pose in yoga by creating a natural arch in the lower back . find out more about the staff pose with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on yoga poses .
aLjq5NAQypo beginning the brewing process for the russian stout beer and what ingredients should be assembled first ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video about brewing beer taught by an expert brewer .
2Z22VbXsE7w in juggling , a foot stall is a trick adopted from hackey sack . practice a hackey sack foot stall with tips from a juggler in this free video on juggling tricks .
BdMNUzr3wy4 the harness is the lifeline between a person and the dog . learn how to put a harness on a guide dog from a training expert in this free educational video .
ETEwGd0DCUs fixing spokes requires removing the tire , rim stripping and pull out the broken or bent spokes . repair bicycle spokes with tips from a bicycle mechanic in this free video on bike maintenance and repairs .
_4QXuI8nPEs learn the importance of comic relief from characters in a play with expert playwriting advice in this free play production and theater video clip .
FePWAQV2AIk pull whiskey cup handles into a thin ribbon of clay . learn how to pull cup handles with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video series .
ba4wmjD361U provide a healthy diet for your pet sugar glider by feeding it plenty fruits and vegetables and dark leafy greens ; learn more tips on nutrition for sugar gliders in this free pet care video .
2GGpCLsdR9U making a rappel system involves tying the two ends of the rope together , throwing the rope over the edge , hooking up an atc guide rappel device and taking out the slack of the rope . properly use a rappel system with safety information from an experienced rock climber and stunt man in this free video on extreme sports .
EiEWWwarZ50 it is fiction that woofer speaker boxes need to be filled with polyfill . discover more woofer facts and fiction with tips from a car stereo specialist in this free video on woofer installation .
cnHhTkTDONU how to make a latte ; learn more about making espresso coffee drinks in this free instructional video .
d57uDk-VBjo one way to relieve ankle arthritis in dogs is with a foot massage . learn more about giving a foot massage to dogs with ankle arthritis from a veterinary technician in this free dog care video .
0J3KAGixLRo find out from our black belt instructor what a 720 tae kwon do kick is , in this free martial arts video on practicing and doing 720 kicks .
3nhqz1DgzN8 tricep dip exercises are done in a chair , and can be modified to either lessen or intensify a workout . use a chair for tricep dips with tips from an experienced fitness and exercise guru in this free video on exercising .
3fHfYW3cmAs putting all your cd menu files in one folder is an important part of making video business cards , get a tutorial of cd menu pro in this free video .
2s5nkKCB7k8 kickboxers do a hopping roundhouse kick like a regular roundhouse kick but add a hop before the kick . learn how to do a hopping roundhouse kick in this free video on women 's kickboxing techniques .
2c4GI2sMzNw learn how to play aerosmith 'dream on ' on guitar in this free video clip on reading and playing guitar tablature .
EEURFQ-Wpk8 in kickboxing competitions and sparring , kickboxers use the stepping axe kick to strike an opponent 's collar bone or nose . watch this free martial arts video to learn how to do a stepping axe kick for kickboxing fitness and competitions .
4TKOmAOz9EA pressing side to side , in kung fu , is an excellent way to develop strength in your legs and hip joints . learn to perform the pressing side to side exercise from a professional kung fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
EP6wVTJ7yjk snowboard bindings keep you connected to the snowboard . find out how to strap into the bindings in this free video .
07TdlpHnhtU beaded jewelry projects require various kinds of wire . get tips for finding the right wire for your handcrafted jewelry project in this free crafting video clip from a professional jewelry artist .
ES8r_wxtW6I playing double paradiddles requires alternating accent drum hits with a set of consecutive hits . play flawless paradiddle drum beat grooves with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video .
eANyqXdSpSk learn the best circular method for massaging the head with expert head massage tips in this free online massage therapy video clip .
5ieahnubR7M learn the role of the guard in pass blocking and how to play offensive guard in this free video clip on football . get football tips from a coach and improve your playing .
14fs-ot5KCc learn advanced tumbling techniques used in cheering with expert preparation tips from a cheerleader in this free video on advanced cheerleading jumps and tumbling .
CqlpUDIDo0w the flaming spanish fly is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
FTlkSXBXdOA lawn mower starters are not all the same . find out what types of starters are available in lawn mowers in this free video .
3HYlvvVlix4 belly dancing is a very expressive form of dance . learn how to do shoulder rolls in this free video clip on egyptian dancing .
1yvskpdZCPs for the double-leg stretch pilates exercise , be sure to protect the neck and engage the core . learn to do the double-leg stretch pilates exercise with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
-f0h1J3POAg the mixing board is the main component of any radio broadcast . learn about the equipment needed to run a radio station in this free radio station overview from an experienced radio technician .
COeRSTZkO5g to do the butterfly stroke , body movement should be similar to a dolphin kick . learn how to do the butterfly stroke with proper body movement in this free online swimming lesson on video .
5srJ_Dyf0A0 learn how to bake a gourmet coffee cake recipe from our expert chef with a demonstration in this free baking video on gourmet desserts and recipes .
bqBZ1t3fxWQ learn how to paint eyes in a portrait in this free video lesson on painting .
ah-PM4tolJ4 using masking tape and pottery glaze to create zebra stripes on your pottery piece . learn all this and more in this free online art lesson on video about painting pottery taught by potter jennifer gravel .
EHa5wk2q1lk learn basic splits for a contortionist in this free online series of health fitness videos from our expert gymnast .
3oesn5zju7I learn how long it takes to install an irrigation system in this free landscaping video .
buiyeNxMV_8 start at the top of the forehead for overlapping braids . learn how to make parts for overlapping braids in multilevel hair braiding with techniques from this free hair styling video .
FQqIi37HCq0 how does your stock car stereo compare to a custom installation ? learn tips for picking out the ideal car stereo in this free auto electronics video .
5yZGdmZ9Hrk buying a guitar requires considering what type of guitar you need and how much money should be spent . get tips on buying a guitar from a guitar instructor in this free music lesson video .
aZ9XAGFCvV0 stroke up and down the sides of the neck to massage a child suffering from an earache . massage the neck with tips from a childcare specialist in this free video on massage .
b49QTkRCMAc when creating balance within a room , it 's important to have solid furniture pieces mixed in along with pieces that have legs to make the area look more grounded . create a solid feel within a room by using various types of furniture with tips from a professional decorator in this free video on home decorating .
E69cVubtZ-s the large film negatives from 4 x 5 cameras produce crisp prints . learn how to print negatives from a speed graphic large format 4 x 5 camera in this free camera lesson from a professional photographer .
2JAHw2ZE1bg black durgeon fish is a black , flattened , football-shaped fish , with white or light blue lines separating the long dorsal and anal fins . identify black durgeon fish with tips from a caribbean scuba instructor in this free video on tropical fish identification .
aabZs04yaTE learn how to do henna tattoos and get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques and designs for henna body art in this free instructional video .
F1TUlOq6p5c create a bottom for your polymer clay bowl in order to ensure that it 's even and smooth . learn more about crafting your own bowl out of clay in this free video series .
3xcd7Jj1crY doing squats on a bosu ball is a great way to tone and strengthen your lower body . learn how to pump up your workout routine with bosu ball squats in this free fitness video lesson .
cqK4X5LYnlo add bangs to a curly haircut by cutting the from section of the hair over the face to an equal length . find out how to cut bangs in curly hair with expert tips from a hairstylist in this free video about curly hairstyles .
3YTmWyS4LRg in basketball , movement on offense is essential , especially for shooters . learn the importance of shooting off the move with tips from a basketball coach in this free video on sports .
d56QiHiSXh4 a common juggling problem occurs when two clubs collide in the air . learn to fix common juggling problems with tips from an experienced performer in this free juggling video .
bxPH-LRp-mY replace cabinet hinges that are bent or rusted shut by removing old cabinet hinges and installing new cabinet hinges . learn how to replace cabinet hinges using the home repair tips in this free video .
Dllc4EqQkIM the software instrument track in logic pro 8 holds midi data . learn how to use logic pro software instrument tracks in this free video tutorial on music recording software from a professional recording engineer .
_1ICF_xGMcI unicycle tricks made easy ! learn how to juggle pins on a unicycle in this free video clip about how to ride a unicycle .
FGpFSs7VXFA main camera dial for general categories , quick dial for subcategories . learn about different menu options for the canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free canon photography lesson .
0HObK-sd2ds to outfit a powder room , gather fresh towels , soap , magazines and extra toilet paper to create a comfortable setting for visiting guests . create a beautiful powder room by setting up dimmers to control the room 's lighting with tips from a professional decorator in this free video on home decorating .
4D6Ee5R6jFc gems in calligraphy are another element used in decoration . learn what it is and how it is done from a calligraphy expert in this free video clip .
DXXDojbbrMo tank-top bathing suits can be revitalized by fashion designers with a little creativity . learn to draw tank style one-piece bathing suits from a fashion designer in this free fashion illustration video .
1zzxKZxeUYI speed picking is a great lead guitar technique . learn how to play a lead guitar riff in a major in this free video clip guitar lesson .
dMb2kWTL1zE guitar tabs , or tablature , are often used by guitar player for learning to play songs . learn to read guitar tabs with tips from a guitar instructor in this free music lesson video .
aNXT09CxteA learn how to train a service dog down and stay with expert tips on therapy dog training in this free animal care video clip .
bw5c7FriRi8 there are so many great features in garage band that are easy to use . learn about several of them in this free video clip from a garage band expert .
bDjT1STLnes watch and learn from our expert about how to do pivot jack aerobic exercises in this free fitness video on doing aerobic exercises .
3wQJXSL6sjo looking for handcrafted jewelry tips ? learn special tricks to bead your necklaces in this free video clip about making jewelry with beads .
EntbgZPO4S8 a double back handspring in floor gymnastics is a combination in a fluid movement . learn about the double back handspring with tips from a gymnastics coach in this free gymnastics video .
3fpC7YbG5W4 remove rust with commercial rust removers , a mixture of baking soda and lemon juice , or by sanding the surface and using a light oil to prevent rust from forming . keep rust from forming by using a barrier designed to keep moisture off of surfaces with help from a remodeling contractor and home repair specialist in this free video on rust removal .
D4hFWRnMPxg how to use several bang options for curling short hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
-dK6mH2v-64 the zen yoga dragon stretch ankle position depends largely on ankle flexibility . learn more about ankle position for a dragon stretch in zen yoga with tips from the founder of zen yoga in this free yoga lesson video .
eX8mJ6bqNG8 when massaging a dog , it 's important to use gentle strokes . deep tissue massage will hurt your dog ! learn more about how to safely give a dog massage in this free pet care video lesson .
5HA8DkBlmXE learn how to do a toeside falling leaf on a snowboard in this free video .
dwyGX603L6g creating a lip for a ceramic toothbrush holder allows room to make toothbrush holes . learn to make a wide lip with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
EJ7GauOwuh4 the `` magic : the gathering '' storm ability is a trigger for other cards . target magic spells and abilities with the role-playing game ( rpg ) tips in this free video on `` magic : the gathering '' from an rpg expert .
FsM8G_J5DDk learn how the feet have trigger points relating to different parts and organs of the body with expert tips from a certified and licensed massage therapist in this free online foot massage video clip .
2ElcQ2lg7-I see what the final molded rawhide art looks like compared to the original mold ; all this and more in this free arts and crafts video series taught by expert rawhide artists .
Dll_MP475Jc in math , reciprocals are the number needed to multiply by a fraction to get an answer of one . find the reciprocal of a whole number with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
3AQmMworiPY play the violin intonation exercise for the e major scale using just first position and one octave . learn how to play the e major scale as a violin intonation exercise with tips from a violinist in this free music lesson video .
Cx5lZuEAqkk traditional squash scoring is only achieved when a player is serving . learn about squash terms , including how scoring is denoted , in this free video from a squash instructor .
D4CmeoJGxU4 learn how to clean old glue off the chair , with expert tips and advice on refurbishing antiques from a professional woodworker in this free video .
eY32ru3Nstc the razberi sunsplash is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
DQudsojO17s down dips are one of the sensual moves all belly dancers master . belly dancing is an ancient form of female dancing using the hips as the main form of communication . learn how to do sensual downward hip dips correctly from an experienced belly dancer in this free video .
aZyWNnna9Cs learn how to fry pork for making cuban congri , or cuban rice and beans , with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
d-cJHsXcKCQ catching a wave on a surfboard takes patience and knowing where other surfers are . ride a wave with tips from a surfing instructor in this free video on surfing .
Ek3EmFfdVlU if you do not have a chainsaw , you can use a band saw to cut a bowl blank for woodturning a bowl on the lathe . learn how to cut a log in half with a band saw in this free video on woodturning on the lathe .
CoiBfwlNCO0 brushing the eyebrows in the right direction is important for eyebrow waxing . learn more about prepping eyebrows for waxing with tips from a hairstylist in this free beauty care video .
1rtpRuLChqk learn how to score a tiebreaker in this free do it yourself tennis lesson video from our expert on tennis skills , conditioning and mental attitude . watch these videos and improve your game on the court !
c4gQQ-5nDxA the supine bridge with arm extensions are a great stability ball ab exercise . learn how to do the supine bridge with arm extension on a stability ball with tips from a fitness instructor in this free ab exercise video .
_97CY_aEd7A drawing a cylinder in perspective starts with drawing a three-dimensional box . draw cylinders in correct perspective with an artist in this free video art lesson .
0-wLoko5zNw learn how to calculate area for flooring for a building or remodeling project in this free home improvement video from a remodeling expert .
06Yvm4X81WI chisels are great to get through thin ice . learn how to make a hole for ice fishing in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
Dkxhrmvxm1M after spraying curly hair with a curl enhancing product , brush the hair throughly with a paddle brush . brush curly hair with expert tips from a hairstylist in this free video about curly hairstyles .
aoNdBxk-NSY learn how to properly train your dogs to greet you and how to handle excited dogs when you get home in this free pet obedience video , taught by a dog trainer .
BPgX1pukgsI after making a clay sculpture , if a kiln is unavailable , a finishing can be used to help the clay dry . do the trimming and finish making clay celtic art sculptures with tips from an art teacher in this free video on clay sculpting .
C6jse3t3nIA today pharmacists typically go through a seven year program including an undergraduate degree in chemistry or biology . choose the correct classes to take as a student to prepare for a pharmacist career with tips from a veteran pharmacist in this free video .
2ZrawtRzXKA using a checklist to organize ordering and buying a custom-made dress will ensure better satisfaction with the product . follow this checklist for ordering a custom-made dress from a professional seamstress in this free video on custom fashion .
Eza2mVHVS28 learn about categories for home school geography with expert tips from an experienced teacher and home school authority in this free homeschooling video clip .
FBvvn8IpAIY reason 4 has many features and recording is the best one of all obviously . learn basic tips on how to get started from a reason expert in this free video clip .
FwnyLiCDCuU in order , to play johnson poker , it will help to make sure five-card draw is understood . learn how to play johnson poker from a professional gambler in this free gaming video .
D6KfB8RzFSw highlighting and lifting hair color requires using a high-lift color that lightens the natural color and deposits a new color at the same time . highlight hair without bleach , usually taking only 20 minutes under the dryer , with tips from a professional hair designer and color specialist in this free video on hair care .
FY57ArlJPAI make chai tea by steeping spices in milk and adding black tea leaves . learn to make chai tea with tips from a tea lounge owner in this free tea brewing video .
DYle6IrYCNw removing door latch bolts on a lift gate latch usually requires using a socket set . learn how to remove door latch bolts on the car frame in this free auto repair video featuring a certified mechanic .
bfsY13Z97kI learn how to do an elbow punch in jeet kune do in this free martial arts lesson video from a kung fu master .
cDt2Gr6Cos0 learn how to create file paths for poser software texture maps with expert 3d animation and rendering tips in this free software tutorial video .
F4FXpijUStc avoid chigger bites by wearing long clothing and/or chemical products with deet . prevent chiggers with tips from a firefighter in this free first aid video .
0tZfBzet80M a pulse can be measured by hand by placing two fingers on the radial side of the hand where the base of the thumb meets the wrist . measure the pulse by hand when exercising with tips from a sports-performance director in this free athletics video on track and field .
FUfPuPMxh2w grapevine footwork in belly dancing is done by crossing one foot over the other , stepping to the side and then crossing back again . practice grapevine footwork in belly dancing with tips from a professional belly dancer in this free video about learning to belly dance .
eSzXQQUgH1A impromptu speeches can be most difficult to give . learn about the benefits of giving an impromptu speech from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
26intm7aNaI fear of public speaking is one of the greatest fears of people all over the world . visualize success before giving a speech with tips from a communications specialist in this free public speaking video .
Csf5QRom_-o a rear deltoid fly with dumbbells will exercise the back side of the shoulder muscles . learn more about rear deltoid fly dumbbell exercises with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
DcgPAO7mdbI old wood finish must be removed before applying the new finish during a restoration project . find out how to remove old wood finish in this free video .
armCNMSPHGc critiquing pictures involves knowledge of photograph composition , background , framing , contrast and depth and knowing how they all work together to make either a good picture or a poor one . learn how to use all these factors and details to assess the status of most pictures quickly and decisively with tips from an experienced photographer in this free instructional video .
bmi7mb_vTdM creating a fun fairy popsicle puppet will supply hours of fun for you and your family . learn some tips for making fairy legs from our craft expert in this free video .
1RKltss46fg learn how to pick shoes to make a halloween scarecrow costume in this free halloween costume video .
b-ATx2kXGCY the best online dating sites for canadians include canadian personals and date.ca . find out how to meet people on canadian dating web sites with advice from a dating coach in this free video on dating tips and online dating .
CCEFYLvLXRE learn how to massage the legs in this free video .
C0r1oURnv_A learn about various baby stroller accessories in this free video for parents on quality baby strollers .
38706RMxDuU when on the offensive , an attacking boast can leave a squash opponent vulnerable . learn about squash terms , including what an attacking boast shot is , in this free video from a squash instructor .
COEtnfgGwyg the sun salutation in yoga is often used as a warm up for more advanced yoga poses . learn about the basic movements of a yoga sun salutation with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
EOQlDrgrJb0 keeping tension in your legs , learn how to do the pointed toe lift with resistance band in this free fitness video from a pilates instructor .
3JzHcgQI9uw learn how women perform the footwork for an outside salsa dance turn with expert latin dancing instruction from a professional salsa dancer in this free online dance lesson and choreography video clip .
3kEo20Ycqwc there are two parts to the golf swing : the backswing and the forward swing . learn more and get expert tips and techniques on how to improve your golf swing in this free golfing instruction video .
C_g8iQiV4v8 the second tricky naari gorong rhythm in senegalese sabar dancing includes several left-to-right patterned footwork . practice tricky rhythms with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video on dancing .
3jGgk2YmH6I learn tips on how to properly combine the ingredients you will need to make a peach crustada in this free video cooking lesson on preparing italian dishes .
EZ63Gagbpzg comfortable and supportive hiking shoes are essential for day hikes . learn how to pick hiking shoes in this free hiking video .
cYmyjH7BhgU achieve a realistic look in a watercolor painting by first sketching every little detail . add every detail to watercolor sketches from the slide projection on the wall using tips in this free watercolor lesson on video .
3S3CGwIQgVk make picture frame backing a bit to large for a tight fit . learn how to reinforce the back of a personalized picture frame in this free home crafts video on making a great gift for friends and family .
d6-vy6KTbSs in portraits , painting the clothes of the subject comes after painting the background . learn how to paint clothes on a subject in a portrait in this free video .
eK6ylvYQ584 great drinking game for bachelorette parties . learn tips for thinking up fun questions for this bachelorette party game in this free party planning video from a professional event planner .
eHrZDOe34Us learn how to use wildcards in baseball poker and how they affect the game in this free video series that will show you how to master this poker variation in no time .
1LEWQlRiIDg using a square feng shui compass , learn about the benefits of finding a house 's favorable direction and alignment in this free video from a leading feng shui practitioner .
dwNgychsN1Q learn how to do the shoulder mount move in pole dancing in this free fitness video on pole dancing exercises .
27GgMuT_ur0 learn how to serve cajun recipe crawfish etouffee in this free online video lesson .
FHoCOkXa5Cs narcolepsy is a malfunction of the sleep center part of the brain and can cause fatigue . learn more about narcolepsy and what it does from our medical expert in this free video clip .
EVaNMG47n8Y dog tricks most likely date back to early circus days . learn more about the history of dog tricks with tips from a professional dog trainer in this free pet care video .
14UHnRRd3GM learn how to ride backwards and perform a fakie on a bmx bike in this free instructional video about bmx freestyle bike riding .
5tWBmhOWUBs masks are a creative way for kids to play . learn how to make a nose for a clown mask in this free video clip about easy craft masks .
aUBqWgdXamE watch as an expert plumber explains how to test your shower valve installation in this free online video about home repair .
b-dRJwFjEkU knee ups are a very simple exercise , in tai chi , for conditioning the body and opening up the hips . learn to perform knee ups from a professional tai chi instructor in this free martial arts video .
47c4mciDziI learn how to cool and chill and raspberry vinegar cranberry sauce in this free cooking video on making cranberry sauces .
CiyA74Q8pYc messy hairstyles can change the design of a fashion croquis illustration . draw fashion hairstyles like messy hairdos in this free fashion croquis video with a fashion designer .
5Qywnu-NV20 kung fu outside palm blocks can block a side kick and prepare the defender for a rear side kick . learn kung fu sparring techniques such as the outside palm block and rear side kick in this free kung fu fighting video featuring a black belt instructor .
1ptcPCWBvBc measure out the rice over the pot you will cook it in . learn how to make pork chops with black bean banana sauce from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
bq0JUrQBBzs how to add eyelid color for applying makeup like jessica simpson ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
aPWX82zLo50 when giving a hot oil treatment , heat up the oil in a microwave and apply it to the scalp to improve the moisture and shine of the hair . give hot oil treatments with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
dzSaAPgya5M learn how to place the tires for a bmx nose pick with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
2mXX_zu6OEU tune a conga before playing by tightening the head , or skin properly ; learn how with tips from our expert conga player and percussion instructor in this free conga video tutorial .
ESepMSmuVWc when working on the collage 's top layer , sometimes it 's easier to apply the adhesive to the surface first . arrange the top layer of a collage with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
4Hd5gF56Zhk learn the meaning of the sunrise sovereign red or chaos card and how to play it in magic : the gathering in this free card game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
CmFW0P_9Tmw learn about the result of a game set in spades in this free card playing video .
FL-p4_aI6pY learn the tablature scale in the key of c with expert tips and advice on bass guitar lesson in this free video clip on music .
DAh3ENwl9CA breaking into the acting business involves being prepared for any kind of audition , whether it is for community theater or a broadway play . break into the acting world with advice from an accomplished and award-winning actress in this free video on acting .
EGpPVzjui_4 learn how many needles to use in an acupuncture treatment with expert acupuncture tips in this free online chinese medicine video clip .
eCjBWnwBc8U keeping a relationship strong is about effectively communicating to your significant other . maintain a strong relationship with tips from an author of a book on dating in this free video on interpersonal relationships .
cYrPE6JEGR8 learn how to do a wrestlers throw exercise with an undulation rope workout from our expert in this free health video on doing rope undulation workouts .
14Pag7RIAsk the belly dancing move known as a rainbow combines the slide and lift motions of belly dance . learn belly dance chest movements like the rainbow from a dance instructor in this free dance video lesson .
5EODY17BcYE workouts do n't only happen at a gym and pilates is a great form of exercise that lends itself to household items very easily . the can-can is a good example of this as seen here demonstrated by a pilates expert in this free exercise video clip .
b37yZjxqmFk in belly dancing , the more bending done in the maya , the bigger the movements . learn more about inverted maya belly dance moves from an experienced belly dancer in this free video .
eUZP2Revpeg learn about feeling safe and well in acupuncture treatment with expert acupuncture tips in this free online chinese medicine video clip .
cHe7UMMo68U learn how to use the viridian longbow artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
2_oS8sZEsHY learn from an expert how to dice celery for smothered chicken with maque choux recipe in this free cooking video on making smothered chicken casserole .
cAnpXVuaImQ punching holes in popcorn sliders will create a way to tie decorative ribbons . tie ribbons onto popcorn slider party favors with tips from a scrapbook demonstrator in this free easter crafting video .
E_aVXBQk1XY managing you camera battery in `` dead rising '' is crucial . get expert tips and advice on video games and gaming in this free video .
eKMaH_pOYHw cultivating power using the double stick in escrima combat can be done by dropping weight as you strike . learn how to increase power by dropping weight as you strike with escrima double sticks in this free martial arts video .
eQMzwS8gkcE lead mid round kicks in kickboxing target anywhere above the hips and below the arm pits . learn how to do a lead mid round kick in this free kickboxing techniques video .
5DVDV_k3z8c gain weight with exercise by gaining muscle with strength and resistance training . gain healthy weight with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
3wVrsesGaI4 reworking a tattoo often involves inking over holidays and blending new color or black ink with old . watch a tattoo artist fill holidays in this free tattoo video .
_cA2fz70v8E learn how to reassemble the toilet tank in this free do it yourself bathroom plumbing repair video .
1UgVELjBVjs choosing an internet connection should depend on speed and cost , with dsl being a good fast signal and satellite being more expensive . select an internet service provider with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computer networking .
5QCF03SgZbA learn how to define different forms of terracotta murals in this free ceramic art video lesson .
E3AlV6G9cew using a hand line is a great way to catch perch when ice fishing . learn some tips for catching perch from a professional hunting guide in this free fishing video .
cQwxm1k62WY growing plants with artificial light simply requires putting the plant underneath a light at night or when clouds impede any potential sunlight . keep plants thriving with artificial light by following the helpful hints from a gardening specialist in this free video on plant and flower care .
e7t9nEntKHc in belly dancing , a rocking reverse undulation can be practiced while traveling forwards . rock and travel forwards when doing reverse undulations with lessons from a belly dancer in this free video on belly dancing .
2IRo6Tvu0og reversing a purse strap allows you to hides the stitches . get tips for reversing a purse strap in this free sewing video about easy purse patterns .
BkYrM26ZhLQ learn the importance of catchphrases and memorable lines in a play with expert playwriting advice in this free play production and theater video clip .
EN4EVg0JGFk learn how to get kids to help clear an area where they can play outside in the winter snow in this free video clip series on how to entertain children when it 's cold outside .
diEA4r3HmYs a ceo must master a number of tools because to a ceo everything matters . discover ceo tools for success from a business entrepreneur and strategy consultant in this free career video .
eLARVyuOhb0 how to pick enchilada ingredients at the store ; learn more about making traditional mexican and tex-mex food in this free cooking video .
2T3GYXb999s there is an artistic element in designing silk wreaths . get some ideas for making unique wreaths in this free crafting video about how to make a wreath with silk flowers .
bv1Ry5ccB94 when installing a vinyl fence , check with the local home owners ' association and utility company to find out about restrictions . find out building restrictions before installing a vinyl fence using the tips in this free video about fence installation from a fence company employee .
cjJIl4y87pU find out how to develop proper embouchure for playing the didgeridoo with expert instrument instruction in this free online music video clip about australian instruments .
237zEu4WUjM before doing any skateboard trick on obstacles , it 's important to learn how to approach the obstacle . get tips for understanding the trick 's approach in this free skateboarding trick video from a professional skateboarder .
Fu46pdVz4qY did you leave your laundry in the basket ? learn about shaking and smoothing clothes and other tips on laundry and clothing care in this free video .
bVZGxaNDZ8w learn how to roast peppers for a greek garlic pesto recipe with expert cooking tips in this free mediterranean cooking video clip .
3j09zP84boM a well-built greenhouse keeps water and weather out , so irrigating becomes important to keep plants healthy . irrigate your hoop house or greenhouse with a professional organic farmer in this free gardening video .
D4NatJnEMBU learn about creole shrimp sausage with expert cooking tips in this free creole cuisine video clip .
5vpVp1x5VrA the eyedropper tool in adobe flash is used to sample colors from an image . sample colors in flash with the software tips in this free video on flash tools and features from a professional web designer .
DWkPtTMVx7w when picking hair color , make sure to compare your hair with the color located on the box . pick hair color with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
2VRYb9Lu6OE creating a rug deodorizer and room spray out of materials like baking soda , borax , essential oils and lemon is a great way to keep a home smelling fresh and clean . learn to use natural disinfectants to create a clean home with tips from an experienced house cleaner in this free video on housekeeping .
FkNsMshU3UA watch as a seasoned expert demonstrates how to use scotch guard on carpets in this free online video about carpet care .
2XZ3lLKejtY the main thing you will need for this project is recycled jeans along with some other fabric . learn how to make a peek-a-boo play mat out of recycled jeans in this free crafts video .
EyoMU2yoJPY to teach an african gray parrot to talk , train the bird in an area without distractions , use a clicker and treats to praise cooperation and repeat lessons twice a day . avoid stressing out an african gray parrots or it may back off from talking . learn more about teaching parrots to talk with tips from a parrot breeder in this free video on bird care .
1dRYmSm6gN4 learn how to make loops for antique jewelry in this free video clip about handcrafted jewelry .
Bfkfc7Ck04M in jujitsu , defend against the thai clinch by framing the opponent 's neck and striking the face . defend against the thai clinch with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on jujitsu .
4-DcAuFKkuE there are specific tools for setting up a guitar . learn tips on what to use in this free video clip .
EL0VlIW6TIs how to play riff 11 for playing blues guitar in a ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar and music theory in this free music lesson video .
COtYOOq-URk pro tools tdm users keep track of fader adjustments using this feature . adjust fader features with the tdm options of digidesign pro tools with the tips in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
DlnOwZ3bxT0 learn how to do alternating turns when swing dancing in this free instructional dance video .
F58TcSjDGlQ a dj will only be able to play 12-15 songs an hour . take requests when mobile djing at a wedding reception with tips from a professional dj in this free music video .
b4udU85He8A when buying a house with no money down , consider purchasing an option lease agreement to avoid spending too much money . buy a house with tips from a home repairman in this free video on home improvements .
EsFXvQSDGM8 a single espresso is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
ebLvWzPZMx0 how to select and handle potting soil for growing verbena plants from cuttings ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on caring for plants and flowers in this free gardening video .
02yDi9BaDO8 learn how to do the cut the corner move in this free instructional video lesson on basic step aerobic exercise and routines .
5Rx31SrIQVM practicing is the basis of snowboarding skill . learn some great ways to practice your snowboard skating in this free video clip on winter sports .
cmk_9QofCdo trim the foot of a ceramic bowl to create a lip on the bottom . learn how to trim a foot when throwing a bowl from an artist in this free ceramics and pottery video .
dV73ENaljwM want a natural way to clean your face ? get tips for cleaning your skin with organic products in this free video clip from a salon expert .
B_ye00IgI4w a king 's robe can add realism to a comic book-style drawing . draw a king 's robe with a professional cartoonist in this free video on art and drawing .
2bBoqy9Bsvc learn all about weatherstripping material from a professional contractor in this free home improvement video .
3var_RH4SXQ musicians and bands can get their music heard by promoting it through print , the internet , radio and retail outlets , as well as by performing it in front of live audiences . promote music through e-mail and promotional copies for radio stations with the tips in this free video on music producing and recording from a veteran producer .
C5yGb6QMQ8U a merchandise suitcase is very important to keep organized or everything will be out of order come show time . learn tips on good ways to organize a merchandise container from a professional performer in this free video .
3OraWZwQiAc belay commands are the communication between the belayer and the climber in rock climbing . learn several unique terms used when belaying a rock climber in this free rock climbing lesson on video .
cMiRzrlnUCc add something special to your baby easter basket . get tips for adding custom shirts to baskets in this free easter video about making personalized easter gift baskets for children .
CgS_uvfSXss washing felt bracelets with soapy water is what gets the wool to stick together and form the bracelet . learn how to wash felt bracelets with tips from a felting expert in this free craft video .
1cZMGr3-y6A a stroller can be a great workout tool for exercises on the go or with your toddler or young one . pick a good stroller to help you tone muscle and lose weight in this free mommy fitness video .
dKo__K-kvsg applying sunless tanning lotion requires first thoroughly exfoliating the skin , followed by applying the tanner in a vertical and then horizontal direction . thoroughly cover the skin when applying self-tanner with beauty advice from a certified aesthetician in this free video on skin care .
4PcJDxsJ4EI to grow lily-of-the-valley , also known as convallaria majalis , plant the bulb in a partially shady place with plenty of moisture . grow lily-of-the-valley with tips from a professional gardener in this free video on gardening .
ccWKRY5XGHA forming a spout for a clay pot can be fun but tricky . watch this free video clip and learn how to finish the process from a clay expert .
C-MiBVrkHSY watch and learn as our expert cook talks about knowing the different types of yeast you can bake with in this free baking video on making traditional baked goods .
EKRx5-8K4gc a first or third base coach needs to know the capabilities of the opponent 's defense . learn how to scout as a first or third base coach in this free video on baseball coaching .
dplKrmYc--4 it 's important to remember in bar dice that when you pass the dice after your turn your opponent has up to two rolls . learn how to play bar dice in this free gaming video .
c5_nMuvZcfo learn what kinds of drill bits are used for polishing and sanding rocks in this free rock polishing and collecting video clip .
D-FFo6Mm4tc make the vegetable stock in a small pot . collect utensils for cantonese chicken with ginger-scallion fried rice with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
CG54UZjruzk there are n't a lot of home remedies for getting rid of fleas , but vacuuming a lot and washing bedding are good ways to help get rid of fleas . discover what measures can be taken at home to get rid of fleas with tips from a veterinarian in this free video on pest control .
c_PLDhzwJD8 draw the neckline of a fashion illustration as though in three dimensions , wrapping the front and back . learn to draw front and back necklines for fashion illustration in this free fashion design video .
C4aGeNTT30E jeans are an incredible versatile piece of clothing that can be dressed up or dressed down . learn about dressing up jeans with tips from a fashion designer in this free video on denim jeans .
_7TlRV0rj74 well acted and written characters grow or develop through the play , film , or other narrative . learn to act in character with realistic growth or development from a performer in this free acting video .
bBHYQCDp_9A breaking the press in a basketball game involves an offensive scheme that quickly penetrates the other team 's defense . dart through a defensive press in basketball easily with tips from a former semi-professional basketball player in this free video on basketball fundamentals .
1grCpozDpWs if you know what song , tv program , movie or podcast you want to listen to , you can use the itunes search options easily ; learn more about itunes in this free itunes video lesson taught by an ipod user and expert on music downloads .
FaTbGDrP9NI black tea is the most commonly consumed tea on the planet ! learn how to brew black tea in this free video about brewing loose leaf tea .
a8c8-hYD_QU how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
_60NbN6PyzU learn tips and techniques on how to put booties on the dogs before a dogsled race in this free instructional video clip about the dogsled race in iditarod .
1GlHmFJA0LQ get an overview on how to make a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
311vOSvEfJ4 a slap shot is used for power and velocity in roller hockey . learn how to play roller hockey with free video lesson .
C7IMvM4BwI8 calling new zealand from the united states requires first dialing zero-one-one , followed by the country code of 64. make a phone call to new zealand with tips from a full-service travel agent in this free video on international phone calls .
4OcM-q-XmBQ rotate photo by 90 degees or 180 degrees . learn how to rotate images in the canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free canon photography lesson .
bTToyc_rcyM how to understand the silkscreening process ; get professional tips and advice on screen printing custom designs on shirts and other clothing items in this free silkscreening video .
FiA75uKsJCU also known as half-court violation . learn about the over and back violation in youth basketball in this free basic rules of basketball video .
3QhrOxFdslI learn how to put together a scene for community theater productions in this free expert video series .
cPUBGTXRqz4 the loft of a golf club increases when chipping out of thick grass on an uphill lie . learn some tips for chipping out of the rough on an uphill lie from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
EBmoqACA2tE ground tarps protect the bottom of a tent from moisture . learn how to lay down a ground tarp for a tent in this free camping video from an eagle scout .
2XGX9AOF488 learn some great tips on how to line up as a receiver in this free video clip on how to play football .
2og-qoLdNgA learn how to design a calligraphy magnet in this free video series that will teach you everything you need to know about writing in this sophisticated penmanship style .
EsYxgsA_8kI logic pro 8 has adjustable send levels that change the volume of each track sent to another . record , mix and edit songs with the best of them using these tips from an experienced music producer in this free video .
CDKqah9apqs when building campfires in the winter , it 's very important to store your wood and kindling properly so that it stays dry . learn how in this free cold weather camping video guide .
a9k_zgV6zCA get an overview of clay selection and basic supplies for your clay trout sculpture project . expert jorge benlloch will teach you everything you need to know to create beautiful sculpture in this free online art video .
1BiWPxwJYtk grip gloves help you to securely hold your gardening tools . learn about gardening with grip gloves from an award-winning horticulturist in this free home landscaping video .
CUBblIJj7H0 downward facing dog in yoga is a shoulder opening pose on all fours . learn the downward facing dog with tips from an expert in this free yoga video .
FfPgMuCbjtE learn how to serve a filet mignon dish in this free cooking recipes with alcohol class on video .
F2jWtGtehiE if you are receiving iv sedation at dentist , wear loose clothing and do not wear jewelry . learn about how to prepare for dental sedation in this free sedation dentistry overview from an experienced dentist .
BPtP5mjo4q8 learn how to show off your neck with your clothes with these fashion tips for older women in this free video .
_23cxmSYqRg dating a rockabilly is a fun way to enjoy music and dancing from the early '50s . learn to rock out and date a rockabilly with tips from the author of a book on dating in this free video on relationship advice .
ClaU0cAiCBA watercolor painting can be done in a variety of styles and techniques , as it is a quite versatile medium . paint with watercolors with tips from an artist in this free video on painting and drawing .
D-MWAUxiPHY discussion of the components of a refractoring telescope . learn how a telescope works in this free home astronomy equipment video from a telescope designer and manufacturer .
boOukaXtLKM exercise the spine with forward bends in sun salutation yoga . learn how to do the forward bend pose in surya namaskara , a sequence of hatha yoga asanas , in this free video on fitness and meditation .
e9vKuRXdwOA velcro can keep parts of your folding puppet theater in place during storage . start a table top puppet theater in this free craft video .
d2jEUdKfU6o learn how to glue sketches to metal to make your own jewelry and get expert tips and advice on jewelry making tools and techniques in this free instructional video .
DzLDP_-48Zk techniques for the professional blackjack dealer . learn tips for dealing cards in this free video clip about becoming a blackjack card dealer .
3shxeDzA9d0 a weight gaining diet includes a good balance of carbohydrates , proteins and healthy fats . gain weight with the right diet with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
2fVctsJtVPQ there are three components involved in toning inner thighs which are cardio , strength training and diet . use these exercises to stay healthy and fit . prevent injuries in the future with tips from a professional fitness instructor in this free video .
FFwwrRhqSTE need some help with kitchen appliances ? our expert is here to teach you how to clean stoneware in this free video on cooking utensils .
5kc64kROoDE learn about tips for toning the back muscles when pole dancing for exercise in this free fitness video on pole dancing exercises .
3Pl9EFPWXwI an antiques expert explains how to display your beautiful antique iron stone in this free video on collecting antiques .
EJY-1aa_Zec how to attach a black and white photo to a piece of foam core for framing ; learn tips , tricks and more in in this free photography video series on framing taught by expert minnie bell .
5Qp4gOewO-Q watch an explanation for a complete routine for a deck of svengali magic cards in this free card trick video from our professional magician .
4GLqN9yeE8s a proper follow through will indicate that a baseball player provided plenty of power on a swing . learn the mechanics of following through on a swing from a hitting instructor in this free video lesson .
FcBxKz1ReZI seal tile grout using a seal wheel that includes sealer and a roller . learn how to seal tile grout using the home repair tips in this free video .
-0Ztd7IpCtI how to draw garments on models for fashion illustration ; get professional tips and advice on how to begin a career as a fashion illustrator in this free fashion video .
du0e69nNQsM a reversible , or two-sided , picture , is made of strips of paper . learn how to make a reversible picture in this free crafts video .
ExQSWz-5cGU learn how to use light palette in poser software interface with expert 3d animation and rendering tips in this free software tutorial video .
BZkm9hQVwng sixths on the violin are a strange sounding interval but knowing how to play them is important for every beginning violinist . learn tips on how to play the c to a sixth on the violin neck from an experienced musician in this free video .
buc5dUzP57k a real estate school allows you to meet and network with a variety of people . learn more about the benefits of real estate school in this free reality video about becoming a real estate agent .
Fq0PpZ0MKK8 tips on how to use a dog grooming table in this free video .
3NJCHNKeFtY separately packing and labeling moving boxes room-by-room keeps boxes organized . learn other box labeling ideas with expert tips in this free moving video .
bSH4n-Pn5QA altercasting defines people as either good or bad according to their willingness or resistance to comply . learn how to gain compliance in this free video from professional speaker and communications instructor tracy goodwin .
EQDGMwgzabQ shoulder shrugs can relax tense muscles and ease breathing before public speaking or performances . learn to relax your shoulders from a communications expert in this free public speaking video .
1Rk3pC7_MMQ learn how to cook the pasta when using an electric pasta maker in this free pasta making video lesson from our expert caterer and italian food expert .
EriGubt58lA remove hard water deposits from metal showerheads using vinegar and a toothbrush . learn how to remove hard water deposits from metal showerheads using the home maintenance tips from the owner of a construction company in this free video .
25wQUtTYer0 knowing the speed a lathe should turn could prevent safety issues when wood turning a bowl . practice safe wood turning with tips from a wood turning expert in this free video on wood crafts .
djVMUWQNbAc a heel side 5-0 handrail grind approach is done with toes facing outward and back to the rail . approach a heel side 5-0 handrail grind confidently with tips from a snowboard instructor in this free video on snowboarding tricks .
2NwYhYhcfSo learn to do the beginner step called the salsa step , a part of top rocking in this free video clip .
FFN1aywitts position your fingers for dog acupressure in a completely straight up and down stance . learn more about finger positioning with tips from a dog expert in this free pet care video .
EtlW3FCt-io learn about drawing guides for making a mask made out of a gourd in this free craft video .
3zR5X3-NLas a power tone on a saxophone is determined by the quality , longevity , and termination of the note . learn about creating saxophone power tones with mouthpieces in this free music lesson video from a saxophonist .
BZD1GRJFaMw quick signs of a turtle 's death include smell , sunken eyes and no movement . determine if a pet turtle has passed away , despite a possible lack of warning signs , with tips from a reptile specialist in this free video on turtle care .
CT_kjQD6QDU learn what tools you will specifically need to build a board in this free how to video lesson on how to build your own skateboard .
1HVI7U22egg learn how to add the sauce to your beef stroganoff from our expert cook in this free recipe video about learning how to make your own beef stroganoff .
4OrEbyp-zqg use the doum , a basic doumbek strike on the african drum ; learn how with tips from our doumbek drum expert and player in this free doumbek video tutorial .
C8GFJV9AXYM make a spider necklace for your halloween costume . learn how to attach spiders to a spiderweb in this free video clip about crafting a halloween necklace .
dRKRMZtRJBw in yoga , perform sun salutations by drawing the shoulders back and pulling the spine in toward the core . practice sun salutations with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on yoga poses .
bkO4oqs5lxA in bodybuilding , the incline angled dumbbell curl is more difficult to do than a normal inclined dumbbell curl . see a demonstration of incline angled dumbbell curls from a nationally competitive bodybuilder in this free weight lifting video .
1bW7yGVA6GA learn advice for setting up a dry station in a darkroom in this free photography video .
2PToo8wW3gY there are countless tap dance moves and combinations . learn how to do a stomp hop time step tap dance move from our expert dancer in this free video clip on beginning tap dancing .
cX9SbizIGGU stretch the patches before painting them to make sure all creases are out of the fabric . design and create unique patch art with tips and advice from an experienced patch artist in this free video .
F4kX0HR-ntw learn how to use the black stronghold discipline sorcery card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
Bn3I_JD7Ek4 knitting a cable stitch requires using a cable needle and moving two stitches from the left hand needle onto the cable needle . cross over two stitches back across the back two stitches for a cable knit using instructions from an experienced knitter in this free video on knitting .
eEvGiFhusJ0 a person with a hormonal imbalance should work to eliminate sugars and xenoestrogens . switch to an organic diet to treat hormonal imbalances with tips from a dietitian and nutritionist in this free video on eating healthy .
D0_ORkiDDgY playing bass notes on a hammond organ is one of the strengths of the instrument , as it offers the ability to add extra notes . add bass notes to hammond organ chords easily with these tips from an experienced and talented musician in this free video .
bpwRBF-UmEs learn about ace the tarot cards in this free tarot card reading and deck history video clip .
1EidpMNIaJE the lager & lime is a mixed drink with beer that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
EA5TtaqpJ9w in basketball , quick ball reversal is the best way to beat a 1-3-1 zone defense . beat a 1-3-1 zone defense in basketball with tips from a basketball coach in this free video on playing offense in basketball .
b9zJhvHGxyk using support groups to lose weight maintains motivation and a positive attitude . use a weight loss support group with tips from a personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
5cL0jx81tIo some used computers already have software installed . learn about buying used computers with software installed on them in this free video on consumer electronics .
_bQOFYRwazE learn tips on how to correctly plan out your garden in this free video clip on perennial gardening .
auG4RRHPrAM an antiques expert explains discoloration in antique iron stone in this free video on collecting antiques .
bUksVRtv5Yo before making a 1950s costume for a man , decide whether to do a greaser look or a preppy look , and then , use a sweater vest for a preppy costume and choose a leather jacket to wear for a greaser costume . find out how to do a 1950s man 's hairstyle for the costume with this free video from a costume shop owner .
1zonilyxIlw learn how to set up an iphone email account along with the other great features that come with it in this free computers and modern electronics video clip .
awAgKdWZxkc how to configure the mail merge settings for mailing labels ; learn more about mail merge features in microsoft word , excel , and open office in this free instructional video .
-eaisNdrTS4 move in a circle while traveling with the egyptian walk . learn circling basics for the egyptian walk in this free belly dancing video from a belly dancer .
apw8ZOWok64 learn what will happen if two or more people stay in during a hand of guts poker in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
3Xl_WO_jbkk dai ashi is an aikido exercise that trains the student to increase their speed in defending themselves against multiple attackers . learn the advanced aikido technique dai ashi in this free aikido training video featuring a 4th degree black belt .
_25g_LipNzE learn how to stop your dogs from barking in this free dog care video from our pet health professional .
Bq4cn0TGV9I if you have irregular periods , severe cramps , or other menstrual problems , moxibustion may be a safe cure . learn how to use moxibustion to help menstruation in this free alternative medicine video about the benefits of moxibustion .
1nGl_Zl6zvw some states prohibit use of treble hook for ice fishing . learn more about ice fishing regulations in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
Dtpr8bGUuAQ learn how to remove the second set of herbs for making absinthe in this free home brew video from our professional bartender and brewer of his own beers .
3ZcL0hpPE_Q learn about the top dragster car class in nhra racing with expert drag racing tips and advice in this free nhra racing video clip .
525Qil2bMho in martial arts warrior training , the warrior burst drill utilizes every technique on the heavy bag . condition the body to react in warrior training with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on training techniques .
dGD6XjRUQho when planning a snowshoeing day hike , be sure to layer clothing and bring necessary supplies like food , toilet paper , a compass , a map , a lighter and a camera . plan a snowshoeing daytime hike with tips from an avid backpacker and outdoorsman in this free video on snowshoeing .
1Vq_uqeckF8 if you are cleaning a grouper fish , learn how to cut a grouper into portions for cooking in this free video about preparing fresh seafood .
5ShtTFePfe8 using fun , positive words when potty training your toddler can help make using the bathroom fun for your child . learn how to talk to your child about using the toilet , and how to make potty training fun , in this free parenting tips video .
2ewppzvOz_M offer alcoholic and non-alcoholic cocktails at a st. patrick 's day party . prepare specialty drinks for a st. patrick 's day party with tips from a party planner in this free social events video .
Bv89OyDGUcw when riding a motorcycle , wear a quality helmet , riding gloves , a long-sleeved shirt and long pants . stay safe on a motorcycle by wearing a motorcycle jacket with advice from a motorcycle technician in this free video on motorcycle accessories .
EyqaZcMHcD8 a saxophone reed has to be set into the ligature properly in order to get a good sound out of your instrument . learn how to set the reed into the sax ligature with tips from a professional saxophone player in this free music lesson video .
5m09skGmyiM pass the hat '' is a great kids party game to play to pass the time . watch this free video on how play `` pass the hat '' at a party .
5birbCBx8e8 a sleeveless blouse uses a smaller side fold to compensate for its lack of sleeves . learn how to fold a sleeveless blouse in this free clothing care video .
5JGzsCjpnfU learn how to serve your finished turkey cornbread dressing with expert tips in this free holiday recipe video on making turkey cornbread dressing .
aDPdgz5vzjo placing objects in the northwest direction help increase wealth and prosperity . learn more about the benefits of northwest directions in feng shui with in this free video from a leading feng shui practitioner .
DuXMnK9gcrM learn how to play different types of poker games , including omaha hi-lo poker , in this free video series that will teach you many of the popular styles of poker .
2WCThEZgB9c in this yoga pose , begin in the table position and lift your hips and knees . learn more about working out with yoga twists in this free fitness lesson from an anusara yoga instructor .
d_YM02B-1w4 each calligraphy alphabet has a set size . learn how big your letters should be for italic hand calligraphy in this free calligraphy lesson from a calligraphy instructor .
bRe9zdZ6Zlk faster rhythms require faster scratching skills . learn about advanced scratches and rhythms in this dj scratching lesson from a professional musician .
C9sEcNEZHgk it 's important to rule out secondary causes of insomnia for they might interfere with proper treatment and diagnoses . learn more about insomnia and sleep disorders from our medical expert in this free video .
dAlxIDGsx9E making bracelets out of pants fabric means cutting holes for buttons . cut button holes when making bracelets out of pants with tips from a custom-clothing specialist in this free video on bracelets .
FLw50DWLb7g in chair yoga for seniors , use props like sticky mats and chairs to help practice different positions . gather appropriate props with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free video on chair yoga .
DSfffYy1veg intervals are best described as the spaces between musical notes . learn more about the playing and understanding the piano from a professional pianist in this free video .
E9FqmwFW6uY escaping an attacker 's hair grab requires protecting your hair with your own hand . learn how to escape a hair grab in this free video on kid 's self-defense .
dHdmBWP2z9s how to de-seed peppers for bean burrito bites ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making traditional mexican appetizers in this free cooking video .
CcIs8kuqOfQ spray tan allergic reactions are uncommon but can happen . learn more about allergic reactions to spray tanning products with tips from a beautician in this free sunless tanning video .
Enhria4v_jo to clean sterling silver jewelry , line a pan with aluminum foil , place the jewelry in the pan and sprinkle the jewelry with baking soda before pouring hot water over it all . keep sterling silver jewelry clean , wiping it down with a lint-free cloth , with helpful information from a jeweler representative in this free video on jewelry .
adMkalTFbgc keep moving to get open for a pass . learn how to stay active on offense as a forward in youth basketball in this free video basketball lesson from an experienced coach .
d_rUUasv2_o with torso isolations in belly dancing , keep your shoulders aligned and remember to breath . learn how to isolate your torso with tips from a dance expert in this free belly dancing video .
FStKSCmBx00 learn how to do a lunge twist yoga pose from a yoga expert in this free exercise video about using props in yoga workouts .
bwD03Mz-pQE a slow belly dancing undulation is broken down into four chest isolation steps . slowly practice undulations with tips from a dance director in this free belly dancing video .
2vBwqvPJd_c icebreakers and conversation starters ! learn how to play the alphabet game in this free video on icebreaker ideas for adults and kids .
1SlH2sbRyWs use electrical tape to secure cables for safety reasons . connect cables for mobile djing with tips from a professional dj in this free music video .
bY6pzRvfYKM hopping is valuable because it can help to get over obstacles . learn tips for hopping in off-road unicycle riding in this free cycling video from a unicycle instructor .
3Q7bThgiOqY playing high hat lifts on all the downbeats of a measure emphasizes a quarter note rhythm on drums . learn how to play downbeat high hats on every beat in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
F7gUFHHxlUc learn about rock and roll style accordion music with expert music training tips in this free online instrument instruction video clip .
F4wFat9wi7k learn about why to resist scratching new tattoos with expert tattoo care instructions in this free body art video clip .
22OyLDVZI6c a great bodybuilding biceps workout is incline dumbbell curls . learn more about biceps incline dumbbell curls with tips from a nationally competitive bodybuilder in this free weight lifting video .
dWGX_v2tsvw crafty drill to improve basketball skill and dexterity . learn how to do a spider dribble in this free basketball lesson from an experienced player .
C9TY2Ghj68o the risk is a mixed drink with whiskey that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
ckGkoaZOS2g dorm room food supplies and groceries include disposable storage containers , utensils , plastic wrap and plastic bags . select dorm room groceries and supplies with tips from a nutritional counselor in this free video on dorm life and nutrition .
d4IvQqQRGbs how to choose a pair of rodeo cowboy boots ; get expert tips and advice on cowboy boot styles and maintenance in this free fashion video .
306PUxZ7veQ fleas and other parasites are common in cats and young kittens . learn how to test your cat for internal parasites and use flea prevention with tips from a veterinarian in this free pet care video .
FXJ2FOXdnbQ use a bolster for downward facing dog in restorative yoga , taking tension off the spine and wrists . learn downward facing dog restorative yoga pose from an instructor in this free yoga video .
C5uhp1HoNLs learn how to practice bunker shots in golf with expert tips and advice from a professional golf instructor in this free online advanced golf video clip .
_0pQoOh_4Zo how to dice mushrooms for authentic vegetable kabobs ; learn more about making traditional mediterranean food in this free cooking video .
2__85nHDYnA the process of cutting out spots for a stuffed animal in this instructional arts and crafts video taught by an expert seamstress .
2YGDinDPaFc changing snowblower spark plugs at the end of each season is recommended for maintenance . keep a snowblower running smoothly with expert tips in this free video on snowblower maintenance .
2mmWWY9oznA it 's best to potty train at home , where your toddler feels comfortable and secure , so plan to start potty training during school and work vacations . learn when to potty train toddlers in this free parenting tips video .
0EhQlUjX9Q8 to spike up thick hair , first use thinning shears to remove extra bulk in the hair , then blow dry the hair in an upward direction and apply a hard-drying gel or hairspray for a secure hold . get thick , heavy hair to spike up , using spiker 's gel brand for the best results , with beauty tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
5YlvUOj4Uzc collaging with hue is accomplished by thinking about where different colors are placed throughout the piece . collage with hue with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
FGm_t709ieM make your own japanese-style puppet . learn how to make a tube that string controls run throught for a bunraku puppet arm control in this free puppetry lesson from an expert puppeteer .
D4GDeW5lc8s text is very important in designing logos , get a lesson in graphic design in this free video .
BKRT-UsPgTg create dramatic eye makeup for prom with false eyelashes ! learn how to apply fake eyelashes in this free makeup video clip about how to apply prom makeup .
5vtHswjS620 learn safety tips when working on a coolant system for car thermostat repair with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
bl4y5OH4hyA install the modified bushings of a skyjacker suspension lift kit on a chevy 4x4 truck in the opposite manner in which the stock bushings were removed . learn how to install modified bushings on a chevy 4x4 truck in this free chevy truck lift kit installation video .
1LBzBB97BCw avoid attacking creature cards by activating blockers . learn how to declare blockers in this free card game video about understanding `` magic : the gathering '' creature cards .
1ZWGv-_yKrU an expert arm wrestler shows what not to do in an arm wrestling match , like slam your elbows on the table , in this sample arm wrestling video clip on how to arm wrestle .
bBfs6UctzEw to do the butterfly stroke , the small kick is done just before getting air while swimming . learn how to do the small kick in the butterfly stroke in this free online swimming lesson on video .
anmdOMhrDmE when repairing heavy duty electrical extension cord plugs , remember that the brass wire is going to be the hot wire . repair a heavy duty extension cord plug with tips from a certified hvac tech and plumber in this free video on electrical repairs .
aGITk8jgtwQ fashion illustrations with stand collars typically depict jackets or outerwear . learn to draw small standing collars from a fashion designer in this free fashion illustration video .
bqyJbrR4t5o it 's important to empty the pockets of your blue jeans before you begin folding and storing them . learn some tips for folding your blue jeans and laundry from a house cleaner in this free housekeeping video .
3LlzJWj57Lk in belly dancing , the addition of sloping arms to reverse undulations provides some extra movement . rock with sloping arms when doing reverse undulations with lessons from a belly dancer in this free video on belly dancing .
FTTuYujsdR0 get as green all over for the incredible hulk costume . learn how to get the right shade of hulk green body paint using the halloween makeup tips in this costume video from a haunted house expert .
dU_xQxFejc8 watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to organize the parts of a polaris 180 pool cleaner in this free online video about home pool maintenance .
34N8w-SDIc4 how to rock the clippers outwards while cutting a man 's hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
3IdtEtpveXI what do the terms for movement and agility mean in tennis lessons ? learn about tennis agility drills with this free video lesson .
3Y8jNho5gsg learn how to suck up your legs for a switch ollie from a skateboarding expert in this free how-to video on performing tricks on a skateboard .
Cc2r_pvtYGU learn how to organize a charity golf tournament in this free video clip .
Dyw5ZuF4xgY you have to be careful when using a shredding blade on horses . learn how to use this grooming tool in this free pet care video from a certified equine massage practitioner .
FQeNt6qvV8c using a theraband , in pilates , can help you work out your rotator cuff . learn how to use a theraband to stretch out your rotator cuff from a professional pilates instructor in this free exercise video .
EQpZFJejOeM knowing your target heart rate will help you exercise most efficiently and effectively . learn how to determine your target heart rate with tips from a certified medical assistant in this free health video .
EFaag-4WI58 uno is a card game that is similar to crazy eights in which a dealer gives each player seven cards , with the cards having a variety of values . play uno and learn strategy with tips from a gaming specialist in this free video on card games .
4D_8cGuI7kk to get six-pack abs requires a minimal amount of body fat and a toned midsection . learn how to get six-pack abs with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on ab exercises .
0r4kkizrV6Q kidney , spleen , stomach and other meridians and what they do ; learn this and more in this free online alternative health video series focusing specifically on traditional chinese medicine .
3orL1zneCY4 learn the importance of energy as a professional sports broadcaster with expert broadcasting tips in this free online sports journalism video clip .
2fG9Vk3PooE learn fashion tips for plus size women in this free video clip about jewelry tips for full figured fashion .
EhTbhNjZxLU for permanent hair color , mix one part color and two parts developer . learn how to mix permanent color with tips from a professional hair stylist in this free beauty guide video .
BhZ9gPCbKFQ evening the ends of a french braid creates two identical braids . even the ends of french braids with tips from a hair braider in this free video on hairstyles .
2FQ_yxybeu8 coloring your comic strip and the importance of color consistency ; learn this and more in this free online art lessons about creating comic strips taught by experienced cartoonist and graphic artist matt cail .
e8B4Wim39bU when doing laundry , use the internet or phone book to locate a local dry cleaning business . locate a dry cleaner with tips in this free video on laundry .
0pKzG0RRUz4 sometimes it 's useful to braid on additional hair and then use the lock extension technique when dealing with shorter hair and creating dreadlocks . learn to perform the lock extension technique on short hair from a professional hairstylist in this free hair video .
3UNti3GxaFY kids swimming lessons should focus on helping kids breathe in the water while swimming . teach children how to breathe in the water during swimming with tips from a lifeguard in this free video swim lesson for kids .
aUBQCNegrYc learn how to do a crane yoga pose from a yoga expert in this free exercise video about using props in yoga workouts .
5j-LhuIdtwU learn how to perform a fake choke hold in stage combat during a play performance in this free professional acting video from our professional actor .
3mNiYNwvP3M learn how to do hip muscles exercise with a kinesis system in this free fitness video on functional exercise training with the kinesis system .
4VqjE6QyLgU learn the paintball shooting switch technique of off-hand shooting , and how to practice in this free video on paintball tips and tactics .
5UOwBRJfVJ0 learn how to safely and correctly use an emergency tiller on a sailboat with expert boating tips in this free video clip on sailing .
EILBIs55ilk combine a decline push ups and glute lifts on the bosu ball for an effective chest , shoulder and glute exercise . practice decline push up and glute lift bosu ball exercise combinations with tips from a personal trainer in this free fitness video .
CP01_GsTIus laying out a pattern using craft paper for your encaustic wax painting ; learn tips tricks and more from expert john vandebrooke for creating beautiful encaustic wax paintings in this free art lesson on video .
aSbH4b3Z14M stay flat on a snowboard base when approaching the box for a 5-0 grind . approach the box for a snowboard 5-0 grind correctly with tips from a snowboard instructor in this free video on snowboarding tricks .
Ch6nqZwWgbw learn how to focus on your feelings when doing self hypnosis with expert hypnosis tips in this free online self hypnosis video clip .
21BHzn_li1s there are a number of options for bedroom furniture . learn how to choose dressers and chests when buying furniture for the home in this free video .
1d7KZMgb-5k in order to make a djembe drum bag , the height of the drum needs to be measured first . measure djembe drums for a carrying bag with tips from an instrument maker in this free video on djembe drums .
2oTXmvewWGg learn from our expert how to engage the high house target from station four on the skeet field in this free instructional video on advanced target shooting .
DFS7SJjoSWk a top coat of glue for a 3-d picture seals the cut-out images to the board . apply a top coat of glue with expert tips in this free crafts video .
aQujBIWA2L8 exercises that stretch the neck side-to-side help flexibility and relieve tension . increase flexibility in the neck with advice from a fitness instructor in this free fitness video .
3AtW-mFPVYM learn how to protect a drafting table against damage in an art studio with expert advice on how to set up an art studio from a professional artist in this free online instructional video clip .
FEpG3s1rG9Y food safety is important with any meal , but particularly when working with raw meat and pork . get food safety tips from a restaurant owner in this free video on pork recipes .
4A2ZvNb596I build a strong foundation before attempting the pilates roll over exercise . learn more about the roll over advanced pilates exercise with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
ERDsfRRMuow when checking or replacing the coolant in a car 's air conditioning system , the first step is to turn the fans to high and the temperature settings to the coldest setting . add freon to a car 's air conditioner with help from a specialist in car restoration in this free video on car maintenance and auto repairs .
CFvpNj8sWMo which gauge of guitar string do you need for your playing style ? learn more about the thickness of guitar strings in this free guitar lesson from a professional music instructor and performer .
5ppQgX8DkJU in three-club juggling , throwing over the top requires the clubs to be thrown with sideways spin . throw over the top when juggling three clubs with tips from a juggling enthusiast in this free video series on hobbies .
DzS4E3tcdqw for juggling three balls , back cross multiplexes are done by stacking two balls in the strong hand . perform back cross multiplexes for juggling three balls with tips from a juggling enthusiast in this free video on hobbies .
BXbhSux7TH4 when playing double strokes , drummers should stay close to the drum head . find out how to play double strokes on the drum in this free video lesson on playing the drums from an experienced jazz drummer .
eWGG82qEZlg a wind trainer , a magnetic trainer and a fluid trainer are the three main indoor trainers on the market today . buy a bike indoor trainer with tips from a bike mechanic in this free video on bicycles .
BvPP6L1SRGw learn how to do hearts and rounds with expert tips on balloon animals and creations in this free balloon folding video clip .
eTbkYUC3TD4 if possible , plan a hiking trip around water so that bathing and drinking can occur easier . learn how to plan a trip with water considerations in this free backpacking video about how to prepare for a hike .
C5BFD7Ra3IY there are contraindications for body wrap treatments , including claustrophobia and high blood pressure . learn who can get spa body wraps from a licensed esthetician in this free skin care video .
5SaobTrAnpo the valves of a trumpet create different sounds by affecting the tone and pitch of the air moving through the trumpet . learn how trumpets work in this free music-education video on music lessons and instrument care from a music store manager .
btCuAxlXuo4 learn how to use claves to play 2-3 rumba in this free video series that will show you how to play claves and provide you with other percussion instrument techniques with these video music lessons .
1LgVgklOYCQ learn how to appear confident and relaxed in body language and how to read body language in this free video on body language communication skills .
DiSTHRx8U4s the bleacher creature is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
EE405_EyqGA learn how to glue on your stained-glass pattern in this free video series that will teach you all about creating stained-glass sun catchers .
DHSwoLzf_Dc get the proper ingredients for making spaghetti squash casserole ; learn more about homemade casserole recipes in this free cooking video .
3yttE1Hl7hc learn about the major arcana tarot cards in this free tarot card reading and deck history video clip .
5JSgonj7crU learn the ingredients for a bananas foster dessert recipe in this free cooking with alcohol class on video .
dDt-XPq6ir0 buttons , beads , charms and decorations of all kinds can be used to make your gothic bracelet . learn more in this free video series .
5lSxFo3wZYo learn more ways to stretch and play kicker in this free video clip on football . get football tips from a coach and improve your playing .
dft_wKXvf7M learn how to use these important safety tips when making your own jewelry and get expert tips and advice on jewelry making tools and techniques in this free instructional video .
Fq7TNEDMEo8 how to add frames to a timeline in adobe image ready ; learn more about photo and image editing software in this free instructional video .
EPqjGlShekE get tips for cleaning and preparing asparagus for grilling in this free online video cooking lesson .
5GoaTbA8UYo learn how to serve garlic mashed potatoes in this free video and online recipe .
aLjYC5hNkuk sharpnose pufferfish can be found over sea grass beds and on coral reefs . identify sharpnose pufferfish with tips from a caribbean scuba instructor in this free video on tropical fish identification .
62POU3g8yyg dunk a basketball into a 10 foot hoop by taking a running start , jumping four to five feet before the hoop and using one arm to slam the ball inside the rim . practice basic footwork to dunk on a 10 foot basketball hoop in this free video from a semiprofessional basketball player .
3_GF50qwZNU taking care of your skin is important for any makeup routine . get tips for cleaning and applying moisturizer to your face in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
e6P3smg7jBY filters like liquify in photoshop are often over-used by new designers but still have quality results . learn to use liquify in photoshop in this free photoshop tutorial video .
cIP_5K1TW2A football is played with the objective of running or throwing a ball into the end zone , or kicking field goals and extra points . score more points than the other football team with tips from a former college quarterback in this free video on football basics .
eAiWryz6ENs when pulling a clay plate it is important to create a rim around the end so the food wo n't fall off . learn tips on how this is done to prevent cracking in this free video clip from a clay pottery expert .
_B_kRw5Rn2k to fix the chatter for a ceramic charger plate , keep a steady hand and work slowly . learn more about chatter fixing with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
eDOWwdCDZyY the backhand throw is one of the most popular throws in frisbee freestyle . learn how to do freestyle frisbee backhand throws from a world champion in this free sports video series .
EDp7HixEubE get an overview of different types of handbags in this free handbag video lesson .
24-ujdkcwaE fans of white wines and belgian beers will enjoy ginjo sake . decide whether or not to sample ginjo sake by watching this free video sake guide from a master sake sommelier .
21MahnzxfUE making a sail requires certain tools . get expert tips and advice on canvas and sailing terminology in this free video .
EuNqlyGVhFE a high pass eq filter in pro tools allows the user to affect the gain and the amplitude of the low end frequencies within a sound or track . add a high pass eq filter to a track and learn how to use it with tips from an experienced music engineer in this free video on recording .
eFJLW3J-4TA self-publishing comics is easier with print-on-demand due to decreased costs and order sizes . learn about the details of print-on-demand , like formatting a comic to a template , with tips from a comics marketer , writer and creator in this free video on comics .
dxwJiLMIAPY buying a parakeet involves visiting a local pet store or bird breeder , deciding whether the desired bird should be primarily attractive or primarily friendly and choosing an active bird who looks healthy . choose a parakeet , and keep the wings clipped for its own safety , with information from a pet hobbyist in this free video on pet care .
dmeDliRvyfI teachers should mix and match suits in order to dress in a manner that 's approachable and personable . tailor outfits , show color and add accessories to create a fashionable look with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
56Byt9JoMOs relief printmaking requires inks and palette knives specific to this type of printing . learn about the materials necessary to start printing with expertise from a printmaker in this free printmaking video .
cx9q2GQwZCo before buying a massage chair , take into account the chair 's weight , how it can be adjusted , how good the padding is and how comfortable the chair is . learn about massage chair ratings from a massage therapist before buying a massage chair in this free video on massage therapy .
DwBymOL3Omc in collage , a pile of like hues will establish different variations in tone for the piece . gather piles of like hues for collage with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
5INV8sUydrc the standing dumbbell angled curl is a great bodybuilding workout for biceps . see how standing alternated dumbbell angled curls build biceps with tips from a nationally competitive bodybuilder in this free weight lifting video .
a3jZ8ahhBA0 the darts game of `` cut throat . '' learn about playing darts , throwing darts , and darts games in this free video .
2RTCWowztsk in order to be a cia agent , a person must possess a great trait or talent . become a cia agent with tips from a former highway patrolman in this free law enforcement video .
5bQFeNdxDiE if a dog has a problem with humping , it helps to determine what is motivating their behavior . teach a dog a solid `` leave it '' command to keep them from humping with help from a dog trainer in this free video on pet care and obedience training for dogs .
e3yLZJUVC8I learn how to use automated features in cubase music recording software in this free online video tutorial .
domijDEnmpI massage the arm while holding working stones , using common massage strokes . practice hot stone massage therapy with this free massage video .
EHrfqeRAt6U learn about grappling in mixed martial arts in this free martial arts video .
2vO1hzLJjN8 growing tender green bush beans allows you to harvest about 55 days after planting the seeds . learn how to grow tender green bush beans from seed in this plant propagation video .
bkX2PlfRn9c using acrylic paints on canvas requires applying the paint color with a soft-bristled brush . use acrylic paints on canvas with tips from an artist in this free video on painting .
CT0psykopWQ learn how to set up an art easel for your studio with expert advice on how to set up an art studio from a professional artist in this free online instructional video clip .
27fAYfL6-Zw any fashion designer 's lingerie collection contains string bikini panties . learn to design bikini panties and lingerie bottoms from a designer in this free fashion design video .
FI_1dsErIXE applying finishing polish to grain repair . learn about fixing scratches in wood furniture in this free home carpentry video .
c8W4AA67F2c there are countless tap dance moves and combinations . learn how to do a 'stomple and flick ' tap dance move from our expert dancer in this free video clip on beginning tap dancing .
c9MmNFG8kKw when heading a soccer ball , keep eyes open and the mouth shut . use the header in soccer with tips from a professional soccer player in this free video on soccer .
220uYYSxz5U learn how to perform your best at cheer tryouts with expert preparation tips from a cheer instructor in this free video on cheerleading tryouts and making the cheer team .
FkvtrYSjvqA correct an overexposed photo with this photoshop feature . learn to adjust brightness and contrast in photoshop in this free graphic design tutorial from an image manipulation expert .
0sSMKEvVetg learn from our expert about income tax extensions and how to file one in this free educational video on about understanding your income tax deductions .
FDydsUu2iX8 learn how to weigh and decide on what should be the right price for a martial arts school in this free martial arts training advice video from our black belt instructor .
BdP6nsk9DeQ make aromatherapy massage oils by mixing a base oil , such as jojoba , grape seed , sunflower or apricot , with 6-to-12 drops of essential oils . prevent skin irritation from aromatherapy massage oils with tips in this free video from an experienced aromatherapist .
39ybLxSe6v0 learn how to play the diminished seventh , second position piano chord in this free video music series that will teach you how to utilize one of the essentials of mastering the piano - playing diminished chords .
BZhdc4m1iGY learn how to dice celery to make lentil soup in this free vegetarian video on making your own lentil soup recipe .
eXgUJuEhrY0 before coloring your hair , shampoo and condition your hair . learn how to use a towel for conditioning your hair in this free hair coloring video from a professional hair stylist .
eJzpsNpKf0I before trying a skateboard heel flip shove it , try feeling out different foot placements . get tips for overcoming heel flip shove it mistakes from a skateboarding professional in this free skateboarding video .
_BOJ9cYPRe4 looking for fun improv comedy games ? learn how to play `` out of line '' improv comedy game in this free video on comedy acting .
cfiituIcW20 how to form the crust for peanut butter meringue pie ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
dy2tdVNHUiI in three-club juggling , release the club later if it is going out too far forward . solve common problems when juggling three clubs with tips from a juggling enthusiast in this free video series on hobbies .
aO41__VqRRM ingredients you 'll need to make flour banana pudding , from bananas to oil ; learn tips , tricks and preparations suggestions in this free online cooking video about indian food taught by an expert .
EwXCUSXIK9k do n't let that flag ruin a good play for your team . learn how to avoid penalties with expert tips and advice on the 4-3 defense in football in this free video clip .
a92gOb983Vo the dog walk is an obstacle used in dog agility competitions . find out more about training your dog to cross obstacles from a professional dog trainer in this free video .
a_0sB0l1QlQ plan a fun train trip from providence to boston by logging onto the amtrak web site to sign up for the frequent railer program and to receive possible discounts . purchase tickets for a fun traveling experience from providence to boston with tips from a full-service travel agent in this free video on train travel .
EA4gbj0f7TE when performing the squat pose , press the insides of the upper arm into the insides of the thighs to increase blood flow to the feet . practice the squat pose with tips from an aerobics instructor in this free video on foot stretches .
akLY5nJepNw learn how to use gift boxes to pack away christmas decorations from a lifestyle expert in this free video on home organization and storage .
5UYScN0ITJA doing diagonal sit ups in the 90-90 , or tabletop , position can help to strengthen core muscles such as the obliques . learn how to do 90-90 diagonal sit ups in this free core training workout video .
D_IUQJT2heg weighted bait can change the way a fish views the bait and the way the bait maneuvers itself . learn how to best utilize it in this free video series .
5ojYaGGYMNM play latin music clave accent beats on both tom-tom drums at the same time with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction and improvisation .
bGNPnD46AQs hang a beaded plaque by attaching a ribbon hook . learn to make a hook for plaques with craft tips from an art teacher in this free video about bead craft projects .
aewpNjI88kw after your clay lid has hardened slightly you can trim the lip to the perfect size for your bowl . learn trimming tips from a clay expert in this free video clip .
Dk4iNxIIo54 tooth pain from a root canal . learn why root canals are so painful in this dental health video from an experienced dentist .
31Ba9bL4mic when using jujitsu to defend against a headlock , protect the neck and tuck in the chin to minimize damage . learn more about this defensive tactic with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on jujitsu .
cC5RFhOB1Gk credit reports are often viewed during work-related background checks , and they can be conducted for free by individuals once a year over the internet . learn more about annual free credit report checks with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
36kHPjYMAbY not all snakes hibernate , but most snakes that hibernate do so during the cold months of fall and winter . learn how a snake prepares for hibernation by eating and recognizing temperature or daylight changes in this free video on snakes from a reptile specialist .
aYM0d0ckS3Q many chiropractors recommend sleeping with a towel as a pillow for better spine health . learn more about chiropractic pillow tips from a chiropractor in this free back health video .
Bs_bMrsBN0k re-signing `` madden '08 '' players involves keeping track of how many free agents you have . get tips on what players to re-sign for `` madden '08 '' from a video game expert in this free gaming video .
4Q83BNSiGs0 to apply a faux paint finish to a wall or furniture by stippling , use a pounce rounded-edge brush , load it with paint or glaze and dot the wall to get tiny brush stipple marks . avoid applying large amounts of paint or painting in lines for a faux finish with advice from an interior designer and decorative artist in this free video on faux finishes .
Fmp7XECUWKY cook something delicious this holiday season with an introduction to turkey cornbread dressing in this free holiday recipe video on making turkey cornbread dressing .
1pycas4XL9U a jewelry collection takes time to build . learn how to start a jewelry collection in this free accessories video .
BWZ1C6uXZfU traveling usually involves long periods of time in cars or on airplanes . let this free travel video show you how to stay comfortable whether in a car , a plane , or even just while staying in a strange hotel room .
bMGYGUi-6w0 the first step in making your family quilt is saving clothing items of your family . learn how to save material for a family quilt in this free home decor video .
cQFXedAj960 the swan is a good stretch for the upper body . learn how to do the swan in pilates from a professional instructor in this free fitness video .
FkXTd89z44o how to check sideburns for giving a man 's haircut with clippers ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
D-02h1HaVcw powerpoint autoshapes allows shapes to be added to slides by simply inserting shapes that can be edited . create new powerpoint autoshapes with tips from a software developer in this free video on computer software solutions .
1Q0mBPj-qKw learn about the tools needed to do basic maintenance on a guitar from a professional guitar technician in this free guitar care video .
e7mEEoDquEo adaptive skiing with built-in skins on the bottom of the skis helps people who need more balance and support going both up and down hill . ski with built-in skins with tips from a sports instructor in this free video on adaptive activities .
F1Aw94y4XaU learn how to do the double pigeon yoga pose and learn how to correctly position your body for increased strength and flexibility as well as circulation , in this free exercise video from a professional yoga teacher .
5lYhavGID9U learn from our expert about how key survival foods play a role in organic chocolate chip oatmeal cookies in this free recipe video series on making organic cookies .
FMC0oupcGc8 if a sweater has gotten stretched out , it helps to scrunch it together on a flat surface while it 's damp . fix a sweater than is stretched out or simply too big , with help from a seamstress and tailor in this free video on clothing alterations and repairs .
an0QPmUp2Qc jump rope switching hop is a jump rope technique for kickboxing fitness that kickboxers do by alternating which foot is forward . learn the switching hop jump rope technique in this free kickboxing fitness video .
CdqBj9mRsxo learn about the tools needed to care for a pet parrot like : scissors , nail trimmers and a dremel ; learn more about caring for parrots in this free pet care video about parrots .
Dz6G4F_1HcE because fly fishing uses weightless bait , it 's difficult to fish deep in the water . find out more about the disadvantages of fly casting in this free fishing and outdoor recreation video guide .
dYC3ByEawjk for artichoke pesto shrimp , wear gloves when shelling the shrimp so no surfaces are contaminated . shell and boil shrimp for artichoke pesto shrimp with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
eQeFOkXilcI pretreated clothing is one of the best forms of insect repellents . learn all about where to find and how to use insect repellent pretreated clothes with tips from an outdoorsman in this free insect prevention video .
EcRB3hVDASE the great pouring dog acupressure point for hip dysplasia is located between the foot and ankle . learn more about triggering this acupressure point on a dog with tips from a veterinary technician in this free dog care video .
BsqkSfnVDc0 a front headlock should first be neutralized by pulling the attacker 's choking arm down . learn a self-defense technique to counter a front headlock in this free video on women 's self-defense .
djOoh2vzMPo expert dog trainer gives tips on owning dogs and training dogs in this free pet obedience video about how to train a dog to be a well-behaved companion .
DSNx62OnHcg learn how to chop the garlic and onions with expert tips and advice on arroz con pollo in this free cooking recipes video on making arroz con pollo .
EtTtahjOaGs finish the last riffle sound by switching the foot over . learn about riffle bombershay time steps from a dance teacher in this free video on intermediate tap dancing .
46f6DpilJJA when making a handle for a ceramic beer stein , be sure to create one that is proportionate to the size of the stein . learn how to choose a stein handle with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
D2v1SNKPj3A a clay extruder is a device that is used to make long symmetrical pieces of clay for handles and other tubular designs . learn a bit about hollow extruder dies from a clay pottery expert in this free video clip .
eNB06-LCMPQ where you place the heat source in a bearded dragon cage is important . learn more about heat placement with expert reptile tips in this free pet care video .
28xC1sK7LgE learn how to find tryouts for cheer squads with expert preparation tips from a cheer instructor in this free video on cheerleading tryouts and making the cheer team .
Fi0nR6Rw0tQ playing a wah guitar pedal can be tricky , but also fun . learn tips on how to play guitar rhythms in the key of am in this free video clip on musical instruments .
DQx6Ku390YU recognized signs of senile dementia include difficult memories , procedural issues , motor problems and changes in mood and behavior . identify the signs of senile dementia with tips from a licensed psychologist in this free video on self-help .
a-F0OAyXHBk to make a handmade journal , punch holes in leather with a simple hole punch . learn to punch holes in leather journals with tips from a craft specialist in this free video about how to make journals .
cen36xtC8y4 add patterns to ceramic candlesticks with rib tools . learn how to smooth the edges of clay candlesticks in this free pottery lesson from a ceramics expert .
2G8gy_0OuG8 protect your shins in roller hockey with shin guards . learn how to play roller hockey with free video lesson .
1SPQ72XcQ6U learn how to design your room themes for a haunted house for your halloween party in this free ghoulish holiday planning video .
_6usm_HtILU pulling a clay casserole dish can be fun but tricky . watch this free video clip and learn how to pull up clay from a clay expert .
1EHuon_W9C8 the maintenance of repairing a comb twist dreadlocks hairstyle should be two weeks at the longest . learn more about comb twist dreadlocks and maintenance from a professional hairstylist in this free hair video .
CSoM17gRk6o discover the different parts of a saw and how they function in this free educational video series .
11cwpeaDJzc depending on the instructions of the dentist , a night guard should be worn on the teeth every night after brushing and flossing . avoid clenching teeth and injuring tmj joints in the jaw with advice from a licensed dental assistant in this free video on dental hygiene .
BlBRWIDHWh8 the first step in treating yellow jacket stings is to remove the stinger . learn to treat yellow jacket stings with expert tips from a fire captain in this free video about first aid treatments .
d6N1Z4St6yo if you 're searching for a job and have tattoos or piercing , learn about the appropriate way to display or cover them for your next job interview in this free video clip .
02LnULLXds4 changing one color changes the balance of colors in the rest of the painting . learn how to combine colors in a painting from an art instructor in this free color theory video .
afmYCV5PDZA keep out only bathroom items that are essential when packing . learn what items to keep available when packing a bathroom early with expert tips in this free moving video .
-0FA6OhxZSE how to squeegee the second color on top of the first color on your wood ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson about abstract painting taught by expert david a. clemen .
auJNGmZeFV4 sanding a bowl in wood turning removes ridges quickly . clean up a bowl with sandpaper with tips from a wood turning expert in this free video on wood crafts .
3z0EqhxObRQ supplies for changing the oil in a car include funnels and tire chocks . learn about different oil change supplies with tips from a mechanic in this car maintenance video .
Ex7EnmKvMl4 exercise the arm muscles for belly dancing by bringing arms out to the side and rotating palms to face up and down . find out how to exercise arms for belly dance with tips from a professional belly dancer in this free video about learning to belly dance .
CgcjAx4I9hE increasing bench weight will improve bench max . strengthen chest muscles with tips from a certified physical fitness trainer in this free workout video .
EjiVX4Ngvhw scheduling music lessons is an important organizational aspect when creating your own music business . learn some tips for scheduling music lessons from a professional music teacher in this free music business video .
eRl4OzmDfGA a qualified annuity allows money to be put into an annuity without paying taxes on the growth . shelter qualified annuity products with tips from a registered financial consultant in this free financial planning video .
auMrSfKLIwA juggling tricks can vary greatly in difficulty and the amount of practice needed for perfection . practice ball and club juggling tricks with tips from a juggler in this free video on juggling tricks .
EF4dlnqkJ3w a kickboxer must learn how to slip or dodge a punch during a sparring match or in a self-defense situation . learn how to dodge a punch in this free video on kickboxing .
asnjOLvpsoQ a psychologist is required to complete an undergraduate degree and a doctorate program in psychology . become a psychologist with tips from a medical administrator in this free video on career information .
3ZaQchyLYs4 learn how to use the sideline as a cornerback in this free video clip on football . get football tips from a coach and improve your playing .
aDDYrthLycA learn about the right tire pressure for mountain bikes to ensure a smooth , efficient ride in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable off-road bike racer .
3dYW6At5aWA it is possible to do a laerb kick from the ground . learn how to do freestyle frisbee foot brushes from the ground from a world champion in this free sports video .
5keDiIJZEwQ want professional makeup artist tips ? learn how to keep eyeshadow from smearing your foundation in this free video clip .
3QaF3sNOOi4 the fifth comping move in senegalese sabar dancing coordinates with a rhythm called raas . practice an accompanying movement with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video series on dancing .
e1XelBIjeKw replace expensive fluorescent light bulbs with plain light bulbs before a move . learn why replacing light bulbs is important before a move with expert tips in this free moving video .
1ZU0GLcgAjQ when doing tabletop photography , try using strobe lighting , natural light or under-light . learn lighting tips for tabletop photography , such as using a monitor , from a professional photographer in this free video on photography .
D4ymNzoMecM bridal shower card boxes provide the option of giving money or cards to the bride and groom and can be personalized . decide on card boxes for a bridal shower with tips from a party planner in this free video on weddings .
e4YpBdtUBaI learn about the proper arm and hand positioning for pistol shooting stance and how to shoot hand guns in this free handgun and firearms video series .
E84VS2M1SLk fitting a martingale dog collar is different for walks and for relaxing . fit a martingale dog collar with tips from a dog trainer in this free pet care video series .
3hYriXqMCuk get a walkthrough of the kitchen in `` hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
dmFkCpuTDBo creating lines and curves in your stained glass will allow you to cut with more ease and , perhaps , even add a design to your artwork . learn more about working with stained glass in this free video series .
2tjJiW9fU3Y for a ceo , every day can be their hardest day . hear about one ceo 's hardest day from a business entrepreneur and strategy consultant in this free career video .
cNYM6tFTLEI learn how to move through water in heroscape in this free video series that will show you how to play the basic version of the table top rpg heroscape game .
e9UWZ3kkA7Y fly fishing tip and fly casting tips help to learn how to cast a fly rod in the wind . get simple fly fishing tips for how to cast a fly rod in the wind in this free fly fishing video .
cTyovZKYCtE learn how to mix the bass line in a rap song in order to produce a hit rap track in this free video series that will have you creating rhythmic rap music in no time .
1c9hnVZvojI considering children when adopting a pet is important to make sure the children are comfortable with the new animal . include children in the pet adoption process with tips from an animal rescue manager in this free pet adoption video .
bJxcHNyUPW8 swinging from the arms only can cause you to slice a golf ball . learn about the correct hip and leg motion for a golf swing in this free golfing video lesson .
Fj9axXBaedA understand where to move in heroscape in this free video series that will show you how to play the basic version of the table top rpg heroscape game .
BRFUERFH9_4 ribbons can add color and detail to your silk wreath . learn some design tips for ribbons in this free crafting video about how to make a wreath with silk flowers .
aiLPA1Wx_eg regular yard sale stickers can be used to get an understanding of where the sample is . use stickers to help with visualization in dj scratching with help from a music teacher in this free video on dj scratching and turntables .
CfKyoCsaFmA lightening blemishes can be done naturally with organic products . lighten blemishes naturally with tips from a beauty editor in this free skin care video .
01m9yM04RwY the emerald isle cocktail is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
30XMhnaE3-A a rental truck cabin provides extra space for moving items . learn how to maximize moving truck space with expert tips in this free instructional moving video .
1xKU91ggLeI the best vodka to drink for no hangover the next morning is absolut , as it is a premium liquor with a slightly sweet finish , reducing the need for sugar-rich mixers . find the best vodka that reduces the likelihood of a hangover with information from an experienced bartender and vodka connoisseur in this free video on alcoholic beverages .
5PJgBd1lKyw encourage students to buy their books and to keep them as reference guides for the future . learn how to manage a college classroom by dealing with complaints about expensive texts from a professional speaker and communications instructor in this free video .
aiD3IurbtAE when giving pet massages , relax the pet and offer nurturing , loving touch . give a pet massage with tips from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on massage therapy .
_ezyHEfB1nc how long to cool your no bake peanut butter cookies ; get expert tips on homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
dxPrmLBt21Q yep , you 'll have to euthanize your companion tube to advance to the next chamber in orange box 's game portal ; learn more tips on advancing levels in this free computer gaming video clip .
2N20JDU14CQ learn how to untie a monkey chain knot or chain sinnet in this free video .
2FaujstL3_0 clay pottery glaze is a very important design tool . learn a bit about it and how it is used in this free video clip from a clay expert .
1NEiPh5BCsU to turn to the left in sabar dance , pivot off of the right foot . learn basic moves of a senegalese sabar dance with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video series on dancing .
F9QxN806Uco the art of selling merchandise is a vital one to any traveling performer who needs to make money to eat that night . learn some tips on this important skill and how to sell more from a professional performer in this free video clip .
aOfUAyRrOpU to reduce the pain of headaches , practice aromatherapy by inhaling essential oils with a facial spritzer or massaging oils into the neck and shoulders . use peppermint , rosemary , basil or chamomile essential oils to cure headaches with the help of this free video from an experienced aromatherapist .
2tDhKq0ouAE learn how to make the blade of a sword with expert tips on balloon animals and creations in this free balloon folding video clip .
3VvCH7S8psg skateboarders should wear helmets because the sport lends itself to participants falling and subjecting their head to hard surfaces . find out why it 's important for kids to wear helmets when skateboarding with advice from a professional skateboarder in this free video on skateboarding gear .
bcdxSi2d0QA moisturizer is key underneath makeup for healthy skin . learn to apply moisturizer for television and film in this free cosmetics video with a movie makeup artist .
CVcODznlCuI learn the difference between beginner and advanced level comic artists when making and releasing a comic book in this free instructional graphic art video .
5zfoIyXXfto a good trick when choosing foundation is to match it on the jawline first . match foundation to skin type with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free cosmetics video .
3p2NTSe8J6g when photographing art installations or exhibits , remember to get permission from the museum or gallery before shooting . photographing art installations with tips from a professional photographer in this free photography video .
DVePynD8Dwg to draw a strapless neckline , place a slight arc beneath the arms and across the bust of your illustration . learn to draw strapless necklines for fashion illustration in this free fashion design video .
d2EDm5L0qS8 before you begin advanced snow ski tricks , it 's important to learn the terrain . get tips on familiarizing yourself with a ski run in this free winter sports video .
2YczN19dJZU learn how to stabilize your dog on the way to the emergency room in this free pet health care video , with tips from a veterinarian .
aLiDg7k38EU learn how to chop tomato for a shrimp and scallop pasta with expert cooking tips in this free seafood recipe video clip .
47kCTqoFrYs tips for moving bars in your mix using logic pro . learn how to bounce loops from track to track in logic pro 8 software in this free music production video from a professional audio engineer .
CmZIPHwE5xk learn how to pick concealer to fight dark circles under eyes with expert makeup tips in this free cosmetics video clip .
BQp_MElO984 cutting glass is the first step to make stained glass projects . learn how to use a pistol grip to cut glass in this free video clip about using copper foiling for stained glass art .
cj1_21TAWl8 it 's important to stay nice and vertical , in tai chi , when performing the swirl the water movement . learn some tips for swirl the water from a professional tai chi instructor in this free martial arts video .
BWxZu6UDsy0 baseball batting cages are constructed with wood or metal and require two vertical and horizontal poles and netting . construct a baseball batting cage with tips from a professional baseball instructor in this free video on baseball .
Eul34Zq_cHs learn how to use microphones for a tv news report with expert journalism advice from an experienced broadcast journalist in this free television career video clip .
C-i06Ssh0l8 degassing is a crucial step in making homemade wine . discover more about degassing wine with expert tips from a wine maker in this free video about how to make wine .
baPTOtiJY00 using sturdy string , learn how to thread a needle to make a hacky sack in this free sewing video .
_C0zpaed15A in kickboxing , a lead uppercut involves shifting weight to the left foot and back . use a lead uppercut to punch a kickboxing opponent with tips from a fourth-degree black belt in this free video on martial arts techniques .
DJ1TrbWqDRU when the sealant is dry you can paint the brick molding and door frame of a garage entry door . learn how to paint a garage entry door frame to match the wall in this free video .
d6lst2yj17I the tarantula is a hairy spider that belongs to the arthropod invertebrate family , and it can be one of the biggest spiders in existence . learn how tarantulas catch their prey with information from a high school biology teacher in this free video on insects .
2qocWX8zNpc check the mail box before dropping off the keys when moving . learn about safely returning keys to a landlord with expert tips in this free instructional moving video .
41XmQJwDw80 learn how to add ribbons to a feather boa with expert party tips and advice in this free online bachelorette party planning and attire video clip .
b3zHe-FEmYI when playing the card game of war with four players , the wars are more fun if everyone gets to participate . watch a demonstration of the card game of war with four players in this free video on popular card games from a poker professional .
DxRM2UIzsmI stop on a skateboard by leaning on the tail end of the board to grind it against the concrete . learn to stop on a skateboard with tips from a skateboarding instructor in this free video on extreme sports .
3VvICgeumlY nurses need to know algebra and math in order to do their job effectively . use algebra as a nurse with tips from a mathematics tutor in this free video on math lessons .
11bX6_dM6UQ learn how to do yoga finger stretches to reduce the pain and irritation of carpal tunnel syndrome with expert yoga tips from an professional instructor in this free alternative medicine video clip .
490vrTj8bDo if you are interested in playing the shakuhachi , learn the basic finger diagrams of the instrument in this free video music lesson from a master of the japanese shakuhachi flute .
ddY6dLJQE2s crafts are easier when supplies for art projects and hobbies are stored in an organized fashion . organize craft and hobby supplies with a scrapbooking craftswoman in this free video on gifts and crafts .
CWVU890vcFU how to natural eye makeup and get a natural makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on beauty makeup and women 's cosmetics in this free instructional video .
a87PLJIktC0 learn how to examine your health club 's demographics and how to set fees at your fitness center or spa by examining your members ' income while weighing fees against stability with expert health club management advice in this free online management video clip .
Fo8OovfbHQk champagne grapes can only be grown in certain regions and between certain latitudes in the world . learn more about champagne growing regions with tips from a wine expert in this free champagne video .
ePe8OemOZh0 avoid muscle pulls by doing torso twist exercises . learn how to strengthen the back and tone muscles with this free workout video .
FPPeOFBaETQ learn how to reinstall the fuel pump after repairing or replacing it on a car with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
bGyDHqrQLdc start warming up the voice by working on muscles in the face . learn other voice warm up routines from a communications and public speaking expert in the free instructional video .
Bvzd7OYw7Lo why should you go to a chiropractor ? learn reasons why you should visit a chiropractor in this free chiropractic overview video from an experienced chiropractor .
bbNhK0g8fJY watch as an animal care specialist discusses the basics of pet rat care in this free online video about exotic pets .
36Nw7WUVC2c use a sponge to pull clay up through the walls when making ceramic plant pots . pull clay through the walls with tips from an artist in this free video on ceramics and pottery .
1Tvy-LEjj0w learn tips for staying hydrated at theme parks in this free video series that will keep your family and your kids happy , healthy and safe while visiting a theme or amusement park .
FXlDD3cQYrM making a sugar body scrub can either involve combining can sugar with a bit of oil or mixing it with honey for a great exfoliating and skin brightening scrub . make homemade sugar scrubs using just a few kitchen ingredients with beauty advice from a clinical aesthetician in this free video on skin care .
a_IXB71BiN4 if a car 's ignition lock is broken and a key wo n't turn , the problem is usually with the steering wheel lock . discover how to change an ignition lock with help from an auto mechanic in this free video on car repair and diagnostics .
DUL1X5u18mw high quality ftp computer programs can be downloaded for free for both the mac and the pc . select an ftp or file transfer protocol program for the mac or the pc with tips from an experienced computer user in this free video on computers .
FH01RgjR7J4 using a pilates theraband can help increase the difficulty of the bench press exercise . learn some tips for using a theraband for the bench press from a professional pilates instructor in this free exercise video .
4FaOX_H3Erc many quarterbacks forget to follow through when throwing the football . learn why the follow through is so important and how to make sure you follow through every time you throw a football in this free american football video lesson .
dFq6jkRRBMs hybrid golf clubs , called hybrid woods or hybrid irons , are making the game of golf a lot easier for some players . learn about advanced golfing technology in hybrid clubs in this free golfing lesson video .
42nCNA_zVp4 how to close and open the zipper on the coin purse ; get expert tips on sewing methods and techniques in this free instructional video .
D9BZorevJVw keep your hips tucked underneath , do n't stick them forward for the layout with snake move . learn the layout with snake move in intermediate hip hop from a professional instructor in this free dance video .
DlKCcKWkHIw reading drum accents requires reading symbols and time signatures . play and read drum beat accent hits with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
DNw6jQGkYZ0 a compass with a carbide tip is used to draw the dimensions of a bowl blank in a log . learn how to draw the dimensions of a bowl blank in a log in this free video on woodturning on the lathe .
Fub5NeFL5Oc sewing projects made easy ! learn tips for threading drawstrings inside bags in this free video clip about how to sew a jewelry bag .
EKej5FyeuZ8 the emotional fruit salad warm-up is a very high energy game that works on expressing extreme emotions . learn the emotional fruit salad improv warm-up from a professional instructor in this free arts and entertainment video .
DzF77T4xiik keep taking turns and removing dice each time one comes up as a two or a five . learn how to play kaput in this free gaming video .
EsrvKR4xKME the shivasina pose is a great yoga exercise for pregnant women to help their baby stay active and healthy throughout their third trimester . stay a healthy pregnant woman with yoga poses and exercise tips from an experienced yoga instructor in this free video .
5Y_rqsHZBjM learn how to make sugar skulls for the day of the dead in this free video about packing mixture into skull molds for this special mexican tradition .
c9v7WAweceg decorations for ceramic plant pots should be done before using the kiln . prepare ceramic plant pots for the kiln with tips from an artist in this free video on ceramics and pottery .
392MlMdAsnI to braid in hair extensions , section the hair into small squares , tie the extension around the root of each section and braid the synthetic with the natural hair to secure it in place . use braided extensions , either braiding them all the way to the ends or letting them hang naturally , with styling advice from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care and hairstyles .
eS6Sf-44KgI tape handlebars on a road bike by wrapping the bottom to the outside and the top handlebars to the inside . tape road bike handlebars with tips from a bicycle mechanic in this free video on bike maintenance and repairs .
_FTTCZOoBHg to repair a torn painting , canvas pieces are used as reinforcement on the back of the painting and touch up paint is applied to the front . repair a torn painting with tips from a professional artist in this free video on painting .
3NybujlYmSU learn how to sew on the button catch of a reversible homemade purse with expert sewing tips in this free craft video on making your own homemade reversible purse .
0JtcVYXue30 learn some great tips on the correct way to find and hit a hole quickly and gain extra yardage as a running back in football in this free video clip on sports and fitness .
2FFrwuLsJxk golf ball position when chipping is very important in determining what the ball will do . learn how this will make you a better chipper from a golf expert in this free video clip .
aK59Tr6lyLM approaching an unfamiliar dog safely takes giving the animal time to smell you and approach on his or her own terms , and most pet owners will let you know their animal 's preferences . learn ways to approach an unknown dog from a certified dog trainer in this free video on dog handling .
C2oCOZmTKQM painting , window trim , and flooring are all part of completing your garage remodel . learn about the importance of properly completing a garage remodel from a home staging expert in this free video .
aJY-7Du7Wo4 half moon glasses come to a ' v ' at the nose . learn about half moon frame designs for eyeglasses in this free fashion video from a graduate student .
bID4HeFBAvw assuming the tree pose in yoga requires a strong grounding with the feet . try the yoga tree pose with tips from an experienced yoga instructor in this free video on yoga poses .
e-7Lvch2L8U many conditions , including poison and fire , can hurt your pokemon ; learn about pokemon conditions and how to play the pokemon tcg in this free video lesson .
CMV9Wo03RLg learn about the cincinnati stroke scale and how to figure out when to seek medical care when you suspect someone is suffering from a stroke with expert medical tips in this free online health care video clip .
FT7uX3kYins remember to attach the top cap of a table lamp before finishing the wood . learn how to put the top cap on a table lamp in this free video on home decor and lighting .
_fwQ_rTO-CY adding a different color yarn into a rib stitch crochet is easy with advice from a pro . learn how to start a new color in a rib stitch crochet in this free crochet video lesson .
CEJUwJKwfNE pumping up a kiteboarding kite is easy with these tip . get expert advice on kiteboarding equipment , conditions , and precautions in this free video .
_Eg2eWaNF2c add a flip to the switch pop shove-it for a switch varial flip . learn how to do a switch varial flip in this free skateboarding video from a sponsored skateboarder .
3CXIR7V--tk moving between the high and low e flat , eb , on bass is a good way to practice your fingering technique and intonation . learn to locate e flat on bass from a professional music teacher in this free bass video .
eOCzDL-1dOw milk snakes are non-venomous snakes and are generally flighty and nervous when kept as pets . find out more milk snake information from a reptile specialist in this free video on exotic pets .
DA5ji3WbkP4 when connecting a printer to a computer , make sure the printer driver matches the printer model . hook up a printer with the tips in this free video on computer peripherals from a professional computer hardware trainer .
3SOseg_TBSQ learn about the board with expert tips and advice on pinochle strategy and game play in this free video clip on card games .
35cxW8qKt8M get an overview of mini terracotta murals in this free ceramic art video lesson .
amS1ebXoVzc safety is the most important thing in prenatal yoga exercises and should have a large focus during every workout . stay a healthy pregnant woman with yoga poses and exercise tips from an experienced yoga instructor in this free video .
24P97RdpSaw learn about the many facebook applications like groups , events and horoscope in this free educational video clip .
dpOEwFdXKSs coordinating colors are used to fit over the top of easter pop-up cans . cut paper for easter pop-up cans with tips from a scrapbook demonstrator in this free easter crafting video .
1joPNyRKT78 when sitting in a stool , the posture changes because the legs dangle above the ground . attain posture in a stool with tips from a modeling instructor in this free high fashion video .
aAc-w3tnxbs jewelry photography requires careful attention to light , reflections and refractions . practice your jewelry photography with the best lighting gear in this free product photography video .
BuOeazWSqwI for this project you 're going to use a range of materials and you can really expand on this however you see fit . learn how to make pipe cleaner fish from a professional art instructor in this free crafts video .
dd9vlslm7CE there are different types of ginseng that are utilized in traditional chinese medicine , or tcm . learn about ginseng and herbalism from a registered herbalist in this free alternative medicine video .
F7l_DOlx1Uo learn how to hill potatoes in this free video on home gardening .
08JotxFsA4Y how to apply eyebrow makeup to cover acne scars ; get professional tips and advice from a cosmetologist for concealing your skin irregularities in this free beauty video .
d5woz0Kr8GY learning how to color a cartoon cat drawing is a great way to add interest to your cartoons . learn how to color malicious cartoon cats with tips from a cartoonist in this free art lesson video .
e8PMAa2NxFQ learn how to strike a male attacker 's vital areas using the heel of your palm in this free women 's self defense video clip .
1NTA_WXdOdk gif images can have transparent backgrounds that work well on the web . save a transparent gif image for an html website with a professional designer in this free web design video .
CM81K4Lhczc get advice about how to select a play for community theater in this free expert video selection .
1dLchY8R6tU the single whip movement , in tai chi , is sometimes considered the signature movement of tai chi . learn this important tai chi movement from a professional tai chi instructor in this free martial arts video .
aHDHfplvA8w the bass clef is usually used with lower-pitched instruments , while the treble clef is used with instruments that are higher-pitched . learn the basics of the bass clef in this free music theory video lesson on reading music .
aI2dF-9uWtU strikes can get you away from an attacker . learn how to strike against an overhead punch in this free video from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
cU_AiNGEFkw fats domino was one of the first new orleans musicians to become a nationally mainstream pop artist from this city . learn about fats domino with tips from a crescent city resident in this free video on new orleans music .
2W06N61-uaU rag mats , fabric mats , leather mats and many others provide you with a barrage of choices for your picture or artwork . learn which one is best for you in this free video series .
eADO6uxY_YU a video card is a card , or chip , inside of a computer that converts digital video signals into something that an output hardware can understand and display . check what type of video card a computer is running with it help from a software developer in this free video on computers .
1iQ5DtFbgT4 start prepping the skin two weeks prior to a chemical peel . learn about what to do before getting chemical peels in this free video on skin care treatments from a licensed medical aesthetician .
Dh9XkH0EOMA identify the problems with a storm door before installing a new one . identify the problems with an old storm door using the storm door installation tips in this free video .
23FtuKT8mUw learn about circuit bending a workbenches and whether they 're right for you in this free video series that will help you understand how and when to utilize this unique way of making music .
0EXgSf1yN-0 swimming breaststroke requires proper hand technique in front of the body . learn how to swim breaststroke with proper hand technique in this free online swimming lesson on video .
dtVAgWig2bc peeling apples and slicing shallots for your gourmet stuffed chicken recipe ; learn tips , tricks and more in this free online cooking video taught by expert chef pamela bowman , aka chef blondie .
dRwRaM4nTUU how you frame a video interview depends on what you will be using the video for . learn video interview from a professional videographer in this free electronics video .
5wmHJ2neRQQ adjusting the angle of your golf shot , when playing with a right to left wind current , is important for improving your accuracy and lowering your golf score . learn some tips to help you play in a right to left wind current from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
DAChQtKR21c before delivering a great speech , the most important thing to do is practice . prepare to give a great speech with tips from a communications specialist in this free public speaking video .
eNfDHEPWI1o how to apply gel to the face for performing a facial skin treatment with galvanic spa therapy ; get professional tips and advice on applying electrotherapy for the face in this free instructional video .
BZMALRhBl6A making radio buttons for your website is easy with these tips , get expert advice on web development & design in this free video .
bFWnB7lyEh8 like a star , learn how to do the l-shaped traveling walk in nia with this free aerobic exercise video from a nia black belt instructor .
dqbNRywGXaA warm up the hips with bo staff stretches by placing the feet shoulder-width apart and making circles above the body . loosen the hip muscles with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on the bo staff .
-cjui5FUrLQ a yoga hero pose is a very flexible pose . learn tips on how this is done from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
bCsXqj9iMpE homegrown cucumbers make a great addition to any salad . learn all about cucumber plant care with gardening tips from a horticulturist in this free gardening video .
4Rr4EpkSvjo combat moves are classic tai chi moves . learn how to punch in tai chi with this free exercise video clip from a registered nurse and nutritionist .
Df6jIj21ez0 watch experts demonstrating how to catch a kick down to takedown in this free training video on mixed martial arts and standing self defense .
3_iTd79g7o4 a simple two part taper cut jig can be made from hardwood or plywood . learn to make taper cut jigs for a table saw in this free tool video with a professional builder .
1ypYKgSPHkA foil fencing has an area with sidelines that fencers must stay within ; learn the rules of foil fencing and basic strategy in this free video fencing lesson .
5IRelHFd78U learn how to make the incense hole for a clay mushroom incense burner with expert crafting tips from an experienced artist in this free online hippie crafts video clip .
bReL8Gz7ksM to encourage kids to be involved in ballet , bring them to many live performances , support their lessons and teach them about the various jobs within the ballet performance world . offer emotional support for children involved in classical ballet with helpful information from an experienced ballet instructor in this free video on teaching dance to children .
EJmna7hpk4M learn about checking the different parts of a plane in this free how to fly video .
5F_CwfF-LhI the best way to avoid canker sores is by reducing stress and ensuring a balanced diet supplemented by multi-vitamins . avoid getting canker sores with tips from a licensed dental assistant in this free video series on dental health and oral hygiene .
aD6TazY0D8s swimming breaststroke requires continuing the stroke fluidly without interruption . learn how to swim breaststroke with continuing repetition of movement in this free online swimming lesson on video .
CT_ZSohsvSk incorporating passionate colors and elements will bring more love into the bedroom . learn to bring out love energy in this free interior design video from a leading feng shui practitioner .
-dXU26rkB7I learn from our expert chef some great tips for how you can mix bread for baking at home in this free baking video on making traditional baked goods .
BURSVQS1-jQ learn how to handle gratuity for large parties and why its important to let customers know that gratuity has been added to the check with expert tips and advice on customer service in this free video clip on waiting tables .
1oIyhi57ro0 if it 's a 1200 style turntable , you know it 's on if this red light goes on when you flick the on/off switch . learn about scratch dj equipment , like turntables , from a professional musician and music teacher in this free hip hop video .
c5PG7TwGM54 the himalayan lunge , also known as the mountain climber , is a great lower body strength exercise that will help you get the lean , sexy legs you 've always dreamed of ! learn how to do himalayan lunges in this free fitness video lesson .
5E44aRUBuMM the cocktail hour menu should be light and used to hold people over until the reception . get tips on the cocktail hour menu for a beach-themed wedding from a wedding planner in this free wedding video .
_6iMCG6CPlw learn how to scoop out the mirlitons when making some stuffed mirlitons from our expert in this free cooking video on making louisiana stuffed mirlitons .
FaDSFhcBlHI learn how to burn the same match twice at the dinner table in this free magic lesson video .
eJgNjjCyApU different chemicals are good for fixing different skin types . learn about choosing chemical peels in this free video on skin care treatments from a licensed medical aesthetician .
bfRSVSD8syw in order to create a transition between two slides on powerpoint , the second slide should be selected , followed by 'animations , ' within which a transition may be selected . create transition effects in microsoft powerpoint with tips from a software developer in this free video on computer software solutions .
BetdTfVMTQQ how to make rock and gemstone jewelry while on vacation ; learn this and more in this free arts and crafts video series taught by an expert .
DNIj2KTnwiI learn some great tricks on how to make your own great tasting bread easily with these tips from our expert in this free baking video on making traditional baked goods .
_3cjXu3JcyA when performing vinyasa yoga , stretch gently to prevent aggravating sensitive joints and muscles . find out more about stretching with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on core flow vinyasa yoga .
5ExeGsraMU8 cleaning computer memory can be done by spraying compressed air on the computer and using an anti-static wipe . remove dust and dirt from computer memory boards with tips from an experienced computer user in this free video on computers .
4MZSmWgV-ck adding final details on a sculpture and knowing when to finish can be tough . carve a human head from wax with a professional artist in this free sculpting video .
4HuVrDhTrLI keep the defense off-balance . learn how to fake a shot and drive to basket as a shooting guard in youth basketball in this free basketball lesson video from an experienced coach .
0vrKbtJgzMI the terms perfect and diminished are used to describe major and minor notes within music theory . learn more about the perfect and diminished notes from a professional musician in this free guitar video .
bM61G_8cZvw to get rid of whitehead from acne , steam the face and use the ring fingers to wiggle the pustule from the follicle , or use a blemish dissolver to draw the infection from the follicle . consider using a product with citric acid and exfoliating properties to reduce whiteheads with help from a makeup artist in this free video on applying makeup .
FIpEL1zJl-c applying grip tape to a skateboard can take a toll on the hands . learn how to apply skateboard grip tape from a professional skater in this free extreme sports video .
cw9ceGx_-aA rollers , in freestyle frisbee , is a unique and interesting throw to add to your frisbee throwing arsenal . learn to perform rollers from a freestyle frisbee champion in this free frisbee video .
1hJF4I6QOY8 understanding the menu bar in sony acid pro is an important part of editing sound and music , get a tutorial in this free video .
ChrrDtMMvr0 a clay extruder is a device that is used to make long symmetrical pieces of clay for handles and other tubular designs . learn a bit about how to use one from a clay pottery expert in this free video clip .
bO66y9R3Wng laser hair removal training includes information on the anatomy of lasers , the different types of skin , pigmentation and how to use the actual laser . get trained on starting a laser hair removal business with information from an aesthetician in this free video on laser hair removal .
BNGiO5JyUjQ learn how to mix audio tracks in nuendo and more about music editing software in this free instructional video .
eRlK5VRBfNY it 's important , in freestyle frisbee , to snap your wrist and keep your frisbee flat when performing the staker throw . learn more about the staker throw and freestyle frisbee from a freestyle frisbee champion in this free frisbee video .
39KOiTCEm_g learn the various kinds of cycling jerseys your can wear when bicycling in this free video series about biking and biking enthusiasts .
a4HnU0p8Xjk the job description for a high school teacher involves lesson planning , managing the classroom and creating projects for the students . learn more about a high school teacher 's job description with tips from a high school teacher in this free video on career information .
23h1jHxDBFc learn about the safety features of a portable table saw from a professional contractor in this free video clip on home repair tools and accessories .
cAROdRNSavI learn tips on how to install drywall in a recording studio once you have chosen the building in this free video clip on soundproofing .
FveoW9-mvhY center and wet clay on the pottery wheel in order to begin shaping it for a kettle-style pottery teapot . learn to center and mold clay when beginning a kettle-style pottery tea set with tips from a pottery expert in this free craft video .
E4q0knUx4Fg learn a hip opener yoga position for the overweight to improve your health and fitness level in this free online video lesson for beginning yoga .
bTrHShCAW50 use a sponge to pull clay up through the walls when making ceramic mugs . learn how to pull clay through the walls when throwing a mug from an artist in this free ceramics and pottery video .
cGda9l6Fp3Q learn how to do different variations of the 180 trick on your bmx bike in this free instructional video about bmx freestyle bike riding
eAhAF8QHYJs freshen smelly shoes by putting them in the washer and putting baking soda inside . remove the smell from shoes with tips from a fashion specialist in this free video on style advice .
1JfvA3hlnJs learn about environmental dangers for veiled chameleons , like exposed lighting or heat sources and get more tips on what environmental dangers to watch out for in this free reptile video clip .
dQCyDZk62cE learn how to add vegetables to meatball ( albondigas ) soup in this free meatball soup recipe video .
ELqTplgrfRk stir the vegetable stock and make sure there are no chunks in it . cool the vegetable stock for apricot-ginger shrimp with rice pancakes from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
EA_bT_oICG8 learn how to pick a vase for a wedding centerpiece with expert wedding décor tips and advice in this free online wedding flowers video clip .
5PGUI7UDWEU facial expressions are the best place to reflect emotion during a dramatic interpretation . get tips on facial content for a dramatic interpretation from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
b0mHcAH0Poo if a fakie disaster is done incorrectly it is a big mistake . learn about the fakie disaster from a skateboarding professional in this free skateboarding video .
bvmgRBUSIYc learn alternative loop methods to use when making and sewing a backpack for children with expert sewing tips from a seamstress in this free crafting video clip .
-bLfarX5JXU learn how to use the black nightmare card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
DsbLRAdnEHM learn how to pick hats for fashion modeling with expert tips on accessories for models in this free fashion video clip .
DJbm2wCIMwY learn how to cut the deck in blackjack from a professional casino dealer in this free gambling video .
3IRXMM5MiXs the thai yoga massage sole walk is a great way to massage the soles of the feet . learn more about the sole walk thai yoga massage technique with tips from a yoga instructor in this free massage therapy video .
034pv2RSK8E quad hamstring curls with free weights workout the hamstring muscles . see how to do quad hamstring curls with free weights in this free dumbbell exercise video .
cswj9ImmqkM how to pin ears and spots on to a stuffed animal in this instructional arts and crafts video taught by an expert seamstress .
4GG2H4QR9W8 how to choose your ingredients to make mexican quesadillas ; learn more about traditional mexican food in this free cooking video .
bLfioomtM6c substrate , or bedding , is important for a sand boa constrictor . learn about the best substrate for your snake with expert tips on owning snakes in this free exotic pet care video .
BV6vWsJxdOA how to cut out a pattern for making your own luggage tags ; learn this and more in this free sewing video taught by an expert .
3jHVYqqDOb8 a knap is a method of making sound to add effect to a staged punch . learn how to do unarmed stage combat from a certified actor in this free theater video .
cFtzZ1uzSHI more on how to properly tune a guitar by ear when you restring it ; get professional tips and instruction on proper guitar repair and maintenance in this free music lesson video .
5xviKas8BjQ learn from our expert how to chop the peppers for making arroz con pollo in this free cooking recipes video on making arroz con pollo .
BS1BHCEhtks people disobeying the conservation laws is a black eye for all hunters and is the source of much anti-hunter sentiment . learn about hunting and conservation in this free hunting video .
CPcub5GpB-c learn to fold a dollar bill into a bowtie with instructions from a professional artist in this free video about paper folding crafts .
aISoGjCgTYg what to do about engine coolant leaks . learn how to diagnose a car engine coolant leak in this free auto repair video .
5jmKun_WKCw treating a cracked rib is painful but necessary . tape the suspected area from the front of the sternum around to the spine . cough to prevent liquids from pooling in the lungs . be prepared for emergency situations such as this with tips and advice from a 30-year emergency veteran in this free video on treatments .
2hxzSpoDIAQ rope climbing is an excellent condition and endurance exercise . learn how to climb ropes in this free exercise video about improving muscle strength for football .
3n-wnSb9AT4 a mass flower is the center of a floral design . add mass flowers to a tea cup flower arrangement with tips from a floral designer in this free video on flower arrangements .
bz9R-Xa5xqM learn about wet and dry tuned accordions with expert music training tips in this free online instrument instruction video clip .
E3kWSyjtxow you want your opponent to roll two 's and five 's in kaput because they do not score any points . learn how to play kaput in this free gaming video .
06tA1xvaSt8 scrubbing the center of a photocopy transfer requires gentler pressure than the edges . scrub the center of a photocopy transfer with tips from an artist in this free arts and crafts video .
EeJxnvXI2Do learn whether to go for varsity or junior varsity cheerleading with expert preparation tips from a cheer instructor in this free video on cheerleading tryouts and making the cheer team .
0HjhaTfGAdE learn tips and information on choosing good parkas and rough for a dogsled race in this free instructional video clip about the dogsled race in iditarod .
FTvqteosAN4 rue is an herb that is commonly used in making tea and should be planted in well draining soil with vermiculite . learn how to grow rue in your herb garden in this free video .
FciuXlgJsmY as you crochet the base , face and side together , it is especially important that everything lines up . be careful . learn how to crochet a bag from start to finish in this free crafts video .
d78dMNym-xQ as with any crafts project , making a music press kit requires supplies and time to assemble them . learn how to create your own music press kit and stand out from every other artist with this free video from a professional musician .
1ljAz5cBwjQ by definition , dating means that you 're seeing only one person and that you 're doing different things and going to different places with that person . learn the definition of dating with tips from the author of a book on dating in this free video on relationship advice .
CbZ6CNglRDo the cobblers pose is a great yoga exercise for pregnant women to stay active and healthy throughout their third trimester . stay a healthy pregnant woman with yoga poses and exercise tips from an experienced yoga instructor in this free video .
5J4DlKgyxjc shareholders of audited companies should expect some attention from the irs . learn how to handle the audit of a company of which you are a shareholder in this free personal finance video from an experienced accountant .
_623ceGVdok the kolanchoe plant is called the leaf of life plant and will take a full , hot sun . learn about growing kalanchoe plants from a horticulturist in this free gardening video on flowering and bedding plants .
Dn3kplQiO2w get b-ball tips on shooting a left-handed and right-handed lay-up in this basketball fundamentals video from a hoops expert .
5z1A_QmOKak the second hinge on a folding puppet theater is larger than the first . start a table top puppet theater in this free craft video .
2nzCQ4r6biM installing a lift gate latch on an suv is done by first slipping the rod into relative position . learn how to install a lift gate latch in this free auto repair video featuring a certified mechanic .
bhz67-U2p7M a trumpet valve may need to be repaired if it has been damaged by dirt and debris . learn more about how to fix trumpet valves with tips from an instrument repair expert in this free trumpet maintenance video .
bz4ICT8JKyk to prevent a dog from shedding , simply brush the dog 's fur regularly with both a stiff-bristled brush and a soft-bristled brush to remove loose hair before it falls to the floor . brush a dog regularly as a healthy shed-preventative with tips from a certified dog trainer in this free video on pet care .
5XOYyJMlLA4 learn how to caulk the walls before painting to paint your living room and other remodeling tips in this free instructional diy home improvement video .
CZyffv_onMU learn how to sweat vegetables to make a thanksgiving turkey soup in this free cooking video with turkey leftover recipes .
39Wr2UxTGN0 plastic wrap is used as a design texture by pressing it to wet paint and stamping it to another piece of paper . experiment with plastic wrap with tips from an artist in this free design video .
FjntgIZqdFI learn how to choose the right plants for growing houseplants from tip cuttings in this free home gardening video from our plant propagation expert .
2cRS9th07wg approach a snowboard toe side 5-0 grind on a handrail on a slight toe edge . find out more about the proper way to approach a toe side 5-0 grind with tips from a snowboard instructor in this free video on snowboarding tricks .
DwlVtUKfv3s learn some great tips on how to maintain good posture when playing tennis in this free video clip on tennis tips and techniques .
aDAXaO5FFG8 in yoga , the cat dog pose is a spinal twist yoga position . learn the cat dog yoga pose with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
EtUQ6Ds_lsM bottlebrush plants are beautiful plants to grow in your garden or home . learn all about bottlebrush plant care with gardening tips from a horticulturist in this free gardening video .
Ddv_JIgbqxw toss tennis ball a bit further back to hit a topspin serve . learn more about tennis serving techniques in this free tennis lesson video from a professional tennis instructor .
1ZF-GpZ0ofw learn the 123s of customer service -- dealing with one customer at a time , the two-way exchange of customer service and solving or identifying customer 's issue in three minutes -- with expert training tips in this free online customer service training video clip .
bKnIomXhslE the pantry is a great place to store pet supplies like food and medicine . learn about other pet supplies that can be stored in the pantry when moving into a new kitchen with expert tips in this free instructional moving video .
dDKkzue2EbI a hook grip can help fix your slice and improve your golf game ; learn pro golf tips for fixing , curing a slice in this free golf lesson video .
46wX8xjt7mA how to shampoo the hair for cutting and layering curly hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
E4dMO7t5pBI treating a tooth abscess early prevents the need for surgery on the apex of the tooth . discover how to avoid surgery for an apical tooth abscess in this free video featuring a practicing dentist .
a7_LO0EdYMA bring out colors from the foil and frit by turning down oxygen and increasing the propane when making glass bicone beads . learn how to bring out colors through metal for glass bicone beads in this free crafting video from an accomplished bead jeweler .
bVhIOmoCQ5M the chute obstacle in a dog agility course is a bit like a tunnel but it has a chute at the end of it . teach any dog how to run through a chute on an agility course by using the advice in this free video from an experienced dog trainer .
b1QkoG9hxk8 when mixing a mudslide , use a rocks glass and add chocolate syrup , kahlua and bailey 's . create this savory alcoholic beverage with tips from a bartender in this free video on bartending drinks .
EhYk6e-jtWg the claridge cocktail is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
EMcUlzfIkwc learn from our expert how to chop up some onions to make a bruschetta recipe in this free cooking video on how to make bruschetta .
dksANn7nFEw learn how to add flour for a shrimp and scallop pasta with expert cooking tips in this free seafood recipe video clip .
2E2C2WCU9as giffen grips are an easy way to hold a clay pottery piece to the center of your spin wheel . learn tips on what a giffen grip is and how it is used from a pottery expertin this free video clip on clay pottery making .
azbw4Ng6rCQ add a smooth , cool slide to a ball change . learn the cool change hip hop dance move in this free dancing video lesson from a choreographer .
DcL82-6IUYU learn how to flip your grilled italian seasoned salmon in the skillet in this free cooking video about making an italian seasoned salmon recipe .
CxWzH1-UlNk there are a variety of laundry detergents designed to remove stains and make clothes smell fresh . choose from a variety of detergents with tips in this free video on laundry .
apftQw8jbTo determining how to tie djembe drum knots on horizontal lacing is done in reference to the number of vertical knots . tie djembe drum knots with tips from an instrument maker in this free video on djembe drum repairs .
5NWlzn4hqV4 exploring emotions with facial yoga is a great way to reduce stress . learn how to explore your facial emotions in this free facial yoga video .
bj-KrFzhGuk learn about the ever essentials tools for using a spine aligner from our expert in this free how-to video series on using a spine aligner .
4AHAK3-7v4w how to delete and rename worksheets in microsoft excel ; learn more about spreadsheet software in this free instructional video .
ET1MsHGDPQk punk accessories include spikes and heavy jewelry . get tips on other punk accessories from a fashion specialist in this free fashion video .
5e8rGjQpfk0 how to chop the cilantro and mint for making falafel with yogurt dressing ; learn more about traditional middle eastern food in this free cooking video .
DKblplrxPEI learn about the proper attire for deer hunting including camouflage and blaze orange safety vests in this free video .
brKZ5ZrgWjs performing the proper pilates shoulder position will help your relieve tension and stress . learn more about the proper shoulder position from a professional pilates instructor in this free exercise video .
61ZFrfjTDbE getting tousled hair involves twisting it around fingers with product while it 's wet , using a little bit of hairspray and pinning it up in zulu knots . get tousled hair with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
dRSMmnSfzjY learn why the operator asks you to stay on the line when you call 911 in case of an emergency from an actual 911 operator in this free video .
DpwtXeUYBxM use your left arm as a stabilizer and push down on the clay with your right . learn how to prepare clay to throw a sugar bowl on the pottery wheel in this free ceramics video on throwing techniques .
4SU2LclB3xM using the media center menu you can select movies that you have downloaded on your pc . learn how to distribute wireless video content throughout your home in this free video .
bFthNlr9T8k learn how to sew a patch onto dress pants in this free clothing repair video from our mending and sewing expert .
cQJo4MO185Q practice the folksy horsie step in belly dancing to perfect muscle memory and build a dance routine . learn egyptian belly dancing horsie step from an instructor in this free belly dance video .
3RzgpH5Hg3I learn more great tips on the correct way to find and hit a hole quickly as a running back in football in this free video clip on sports and fitness .
C_-TPssaLXk when drawing a horse 's neck , the curves increase as the lines approach the body . draw horses with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free drawing and illustration video .
DdzxfgB4W2c how to prep and then boil the broccoli for the garlic broccoli side dish for the poached salmon ; learn this and more in this free recipe video cooking series taught by expert chef emory davis .
bO_ka4EoAvI learn the required ingredients to make sugar cookies in this free video clip about how to make angle cookies for the holidays .
dLLaYKs3gnA scratching the cue ball can be avoided if you use the proper spin . get expert tips and advice on billiards tables and pool cues in this free video .
bRkUI98OdoQ an open hand strike is great for self defense because it wo n't damage the hand and does n't require practice . learn how to do open hand strikes with tips from a martial arts expert in this free women 's self defense video .
DxNcVwYcUCI an advanced pedometer has everything for fitness training , including distance , stop watch and calorie counter . learn how to used advanced pedometers with health tips from a fitness instructor in this free fitness monitor video .
dcil6adKm4M learn how to remove your reservoir when repairing your windshield washing system from a car repair expert in this free car maintenance video .
1oys0KyRSS0 a baseball is difficult to hit if the batter ca n't see it . learn about keeping an eye on the ball when hitting in baseball with this free batting video from a hitting instructor .
ea8JZBpjIsI watch a seasoned professional demonstrate how to remove hard water from windows in this free online video about home care .
De2Yad9yxj8 importing midi data and recorded data is a regular necessity when editing music in pro tools . import midi data in pro tools with the click of a mouse as an experienced music producer shows you how in this free video .
CqYk0cU_Udw on-demand book printing allows authors to publish one book at a time . use on-demand book printing to send books digitally to a printer with tips from a publishing editor in this free video on book publication and production .
5stKXAiJ3AQ a half-roll down exercise is used in pilates to strengthen core muscles and practice for the roll up exercise . learn to do the half-roll down pilates exercise with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
1Eq8tHs0zGA half arc exercises use an inflated ball passed back and forth across the body . learn how to do half arc exercises for core muscles with tips from a fitness instructor in this exercise video .
BPDtkVc5Xv4 the figure eight down is one of the sensual moves all belly dancers master . belly dancing is an ancient form of female dancing using the hips as the main form of communication . learn how to do sensual downward figure eight hip movements correctly from an experienced belly dancer in this free video .
4RvULYq-5DU prep your clay for ceramic plates or platters by measuring the appropriate amount , and then wedging it to remove air bubbles . learn how to prepare you clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
ETEzI2AX-3Y learn about refrigerator warranties with tips about buying a refrigerator in this free home appliance video .
a3mwOZCPvC8 learn how to use your dog 's name in a positive way for training methods with tips from a dog trainer in this free video clip .
C2PR5ARk7xA there are dozens of ways to play a am ( a minor ) guitar chord and even more ways to play harmony notes up and down the guitar neck . learn one specific way to play in the key of am from a guitar expert in this free video clip .
DMhQlqg7TDA to adjust a bike 's hub , remove the quick release by unscrewing the nut on one side and sliding it out . adjust a bike 's hub with tips from a bike mechanic in this free video on bicycles .
FgoZhKr7pGo rat tails are a common airbrush design that adds detail to a t-shirt . learn how to make rat tails with an airbrush gun in this free craft video about how to make an airbrushed shirt .
2xDL8jv4riE eastern massage incorporates any part of traditional chinese medicine or far east modality , like shiatsu or acupressure . discover what eastern massage is with information from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on massage therapy .
FC9KbdJL3Yk understand work area safety when using a random orbit sander in this free educational video series .
acNKB8Ipxwg learn how to do a goddess pose for prenatal yoga in this free pregnancy exercise video from our expert on fitness for expecting mothers .
-88OcTs9MPs to get rid of paint smell , open the windows in the house and put a fan on one end to draw out the fumes . get rid of paint smell with tips from an experienced handyman in this free video on home remodeling supplies .
btjL7IVVLM0 practice the head-to-knee pose opens the hamstrings and hip muscles . execute this muscle engaging stretch with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on yoga poses .
dXrk18onxVk when passing nunchucks from the back to front , safety is a large concern . pass nunchucks through the legs from back to front with tips from a third-degree black belt in this free martial arts weapons video .
ClSTxpPMVRM if a sink is not draining properly , there 's usually a problem in the p-trap . clean a sink drain with tips from a certified hvac tech and plumber in this free video on plumbing repairs .
2ovY79hYE50 smooth out fingerprints from a ceramic herb planter using sponges and rib tools . learn how to smooth out a ceramic piece with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
dZ7ooRRqzeU the fireman 's sour is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
3-bIaz1u_h4 carefully pull the cookie pieces apart before adding the icing . write letters on heart cookies with tips from a cake decorator in this free crafts video .
DPQh0mbtVus using an exercise ball for crunches allows different muscles to adapt . strengthen abdominal muscles with tips from a personal trainer in this free video on advanced playground exercises .
d46-O8sYFSk how to cut and layer hair in sections for cutting and layering curly hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
Bar-RUeBZGY spinning the milk carton windmill requires angling the blades slightly to catch the wind and making sure the blades are far enough away from the milk carton base to spin freely . keep the windmill spinning properly with tips from a crafts enthusiast in this free video on children 's crafts .
DyODsqCrDKo when chipping a golf ball near the putting green , perfect the aim of your shot by not worrying about the target ; learn how in this free online golfing video lesson on the fundamentals of the short game .
DzrZRx-V9EY the song `` spanish joint '' by d'angelo , from the voodoo album , has a drum part influenced by latin beats . get an overview of the drums for `` spanish joint '' in this free cover songs and drum lesson video .
4H3Hg78DTj4 the bound angle pose of restorative yoga is designed to relax ; do n't worry about alignment or working the muscle . learn the bound angle pose of restorative yoga from an instructor in this free yoga video .
DNPbruuv0h0 strength training regimens for triathlons should vary depending on the season . train for a triathlon with tips from a level-one certified triathlon coach in this free video on running .
EaL2y71tCsQ decorating a home with children 's art is a great way to display their accomplishments and relive old memories . pick out picture frames and use your imagination to create interesting artistic pieces with tips from a professional decorator in this free video on home decorating .
34fMH8EUdAs learn how to use the black mourwhelk card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
1QmgK8f5JnY the term 'massage parlor ' often has negative connotations , so it 's best to refer to such facilities as therapy or wellness centers . learn about the term 'massage parlor ' with information from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on massage therapy .
F5vC19KppIY learn how to move when fencing with expert fencing tips in this free video clip on intermediate sabre fencing .
2Lnq09Jha8E get ideas for handmade paper making projects , like bowls , invitations , and boxes . learn about the things you can make out of paper with tips from a crafts expert in this free paper making video .
-A2sCRKCkI4 you have to careful when storing glass hallmark ornaments . get tips for storing glass ornaments in this free video clip about christmas collectibles .
b5mFGHwSHRE the black cactus is a mixed drink with tequila that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
EP7kPMEeTMs drawing in and out is a basic violin playing exercises to get used to the feel of the bow against the strings in order to prepare for a performance . learn more about the drawing in and out exercises for a violin performance with tips from a violinist in this free violin music lesson video .
DSNIfaf-hB4 learn about the blooming of each plant in your garden in this free video clip on perennial gardening .
2twBKbfBn8E mix and match drums sounds in logic pro to get the sound you want . learn more mixing tips for logic pro 8 ultrabeat in this free music production tool tutorial from a professional audio engineer .
c0owUb9krbk fotomagico users can adjust animation features such as zoom and rotation to fine-tune a presentation of photographs . adjust the animation of a fotomagico photography presentation with the tips in this free video on internet photography marketing from a professional photographer .
dOMvb9nq2xo repackaging techniques for storing bean bought in bulk for the short term using a two layer packaging system ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by an expert chef .
Cpgb8JP--is beauty sponges and glitter are great face painting materials to use when decorating and designing . learn more about glitter and sponges from a face painting expert in this free crafts video .
29X7FwOGr0Q learn how to plant and care for coreopsis in this series of greenthumb gardening videos from our year-around garden expert .
DeE4LPVyNZE learn how to understand the four steps to sewing a buttonhole and get professional tips and advice on methods and techniques for sewing your own bedroom accessories in this free instructional video .
3xYF7XDrrsU columns of yarn start to stick out when you begin to finish row 2 in a rib stitch crochet . learn how to finish the second row in a rib stitch crochet in this free crochet video lesson .
2wyWFiySh7M hair straighteners work by distorting and sealing the hydrogen bond in the hair , temporarily relaxing out a curl through the heated iron . use a hair straightening iron to temporarily straighten hair follicles with styling advice from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care and hairstyles .
DyehHuc_Whk learn tips for personalizing your own routine for a deck of svengali magic cards in this free card trick video from our professional magician .
BLG1hoY6W6Y the mojito is an alcoholic mixed drink that contains mint leaves , a dash of lime juice , rum and soda . make this tasty alcoholic beverage with tips from a bartender in this free video on bartending drinks .
_3xEJtPZ898 using a clothesline strike , you can execute a backward takedown . learn how to apply the backward takedown from outside position in self defense in this free martial arts video .
-C0AZZ92J-4 add an extra monitor to a computer laptop to create more screen space . hook up a monitor to a laptop with the tips in this free video on computer peripherals from a professional computer hardware trainer .
E-BhAvB5n6I finding cpa educational requirements is as easy as going to the national association of state boards of accountancy web site . obtain requirements for certified public accountants by clicking on the state of interest from the web site with tips from a certified public account in this free video on accounting .
anpVpIoPLuY learn how and where the body stores toxic chemicals in this free health and fitness video clip .
FvjJVK4QJNg learn the ingredients for an easy gimbap sushi recipe in this free korean food cooking class on video .
FA0VTvlghy0 to dance the ceebu jen five-step jump , listen closely to the senegalese sabar drum . find out how to do the five-step jump senegalese sabar dance with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video on dancing .
aIrMe3TiXvc when writing a capital u in calligraphy , remember that it mimics the lower case letter . learn how to write capital letter u in calligraphy with this free handwriting video from a calligrapher .
1XE5LtnrkWk learn all about spanish oak trees with expert tips on growing oak trees from acorns in this free gardening video .
2fFCfBG1L9I learn how to help free your teammate , driggs , in call of duty 4 : modern warfare in this free computer gaming video clip on xbox video games .
d1JLiJtl6iY workouts do n't only happen at a gym and pilates is a great form of exercise that lends itself to household items very easily . teaser two are a good example of this as seen here demonstrated by a pilates expert in this free exercise video clip .
aoP4rMZW4sg sometimes in fashion design , simple lycra sports tops can be great for a clothing collection . design simple lycra sports tops with tips on lingerie designs from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
3Rx2fV5KdiQ the southern pride is a mixed drink with whiskey that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
dYbZIFjXitU learn how to network with pros and beginners with expert stand-up comedy tips and techniques in this free comedy lesson video .
3AS9yqkVcvs a safe belly button piercing is done with sterilized equipment , sterilized jewelry and with gloves and proper cleaning . get a safe belly button piercing with tips from a licensed piercer in this free video on body modification .
DAAiPKoIyd0 learn how to approach a bmx wall tap with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
16ozsHjPGLI saxophone key guards will come loose during normal playing . learn how to replace key guards in this free saxophone care and maintenance video from an expert in instrument repair .
C0fPZgeY2rg a snake grows by shedding it skins , and depending on the age of the snake , the skin may be shed every week or once a year . discover how a snake sheds its skin using its natural environment with this free video from a reptile specialist .
Do1hcBy_QGQ get instructions and tips on long haired dog grooming equipment in this free pet grooming training video .
3JEgnpryWBQ foot placement for a blunt fakie is similar to that of a regular ollie . learn how to position the feet to do a blunt fakie skateboarding trick in this free extreme sports video from a sponsored skateboarder .
dA92Cd9a65U to do triangle step belly dancing twists on releve , or up on the toes , balance with the weight on the balls of the feet . dance the triangle step belly dancing twist move on releve with tips from a belly dancer in this free dance lesson video .
2i3N97pay3o performing the spinal roll , in nia , will help improve your agility and flexibility . learn hot to perform the spinal roll from a professional nia instructor in this free workout video .
Dzcmn5E-Nq8 the crossover round kick is a dominant kung fu maneuver in chinese martial arts . learn more about the crossover round kick from a martial arts expert in this free kung fu video .
FJwKfq2TkSw more expensive telescope mounts have smoother adjustment controls . compare mounts for telescopes with buying tips in this free video on home astronomy from a telescope salesperson .
5TrHMt0HYI4 lining up seams and design fashion with seams in mind helps any designer succeed . draw croquis with accurate seams in this free fashion illustration video series with a fashion designer .
cH7XoteDXJc play organ keyboard chords and memorize the sound of the chords in order to play them again quicker in the correct register . discover how this experienced organ player was able to paint a mental picture while playing the organ in order to become a better musician in this free video .
5e6uzsPMNXc put your foot on the nose of a skateboard where the bend starts . learn where to put your feet in a switch pivot from a skateboarding professional in this free skateboarding video .
cC-R0MaaHuQ eyelashes can break off due to chemicals in mascara , possible medical conditions or through constant rubbing and pulling . learn a few helpful hints to help grow and maintain beautiful eyelashes with information from an experienced cosmetologist in this free video on beauty .
5eA5HpyFsIk respond to e-mails in order of priority . learn e-mail etiquette and popular e-mail features in this free communications video .
CfpBPGOuKMs learn what makes windshield glass unique with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
4YBJEZIXIeI an important strategy for rock climbing is looking at the difficulty of the climbing route and determining how to conquer the problem areas . train for rock climbing with a qualified instructor using insight from an experienced rock climber in this free video on rock climbing .
3xtnvxSmYFU consult with a physician about breast reduction expectations , health history and breast symmetry . learn about breast reduction consultations from an accomplished plastic surgeon in this free cosmetic surgery video .
E-NY57t8Evc in order to burp a car 's cooling system , the first thing to do is fill up the cooling system and reservoir with the engine running . discover how long to burp a car 's cooling system with help from a specialist in car restoration in this free video on car maintenance and auto repairs .
4BtS35ca8qg looking to start a steel drum band ? learn how to play the steel pans in this free music video lesson about tips for playing melodies .
2AEbIUQhIyM the sponge tool in adobe photoshop darkens colors and brightens whites so that after a while a grayscale effect occurs . learn about this adobe photoshop tool and how to use it from a 10 year veteran designer in this free design video .
_aVxaYblk5M sides for a broadway play audition are parts of a script . learn more about sides with expert tips from an actress in this free acting video .
5S9HjQKoMnU warming up for belly dancing means building the foundation for reverse undulations . do a foundation warm-up drill for reverse undulations with lessons from a belly dancer in this free video on belly dancing .
FM99RYy610w using layers and sizes is crucial to getting a good logo design , get a lesson in graphic design in this free video .
Da0LjheLUp0 mixing soil requires finding a good balance of clay , silt and sand and also organic matter , nutrients , and water-absorbing material . mix soil for organic gardening with a professional permaculture gardener in this free video on mass propagation of food crop seedlings .
CrAl8icmrJo your place for family reunion games and ideas ! learn how to switch up locations for your family reunion in this free planning video from our family reunion authority .
eVzZAJ25I0U do you want 6 pack abs ? here are some great ab exercises such as the 1,2,3 crunch that will help get you there in these free fitness videos .
dYnZucYreSI learn about the ingredients and equipment you will need for an electric pasta maker in this free pasta making video series from our expert caterer and italian food expert .
btgl52iuJGk to properly get rid of pimples , use steaming water to cleanse the face . learn more ways to get rid of pimples with expert tips from a beauty professional in this free video about acne and blemishes .
_0Ls4vISM6Q develop a simple grading system and make it clear to the students . learn how to manage a college classroom by developing grading strategies from a professional speaker and communications instructor in this free video .
D2Peh9UT-Bg learn basic merengue dance steps with a partner with expert caribbean merengue dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online dance lesson and choreography video clip .
2mGY-j81qLc learn how massage can help reduce chronic fatigue symptoms with expert medical advice from a trained doctor and scientist in this free online health care video clip .
CdaX8MDsJkc how to chop the eggplant for making ratatouille ; get expert tips on making authentic french food recipes in this free cooking video .
bHknsFurK5Q learn how to play the improve game `` interrogation '' at your next party in this free video series that will keep your party guests entertained and thinking on their feet .
_5qd2bktAWY sweet food makes wine taste more acidic and flat . match sweet with sweet . learn the sweetness in food rule in how to pair food and wine from a professional writer , speaker and sommelier in this free culinary video .
-b44ieHORm4 a double espresso is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
35EHthRK5Yo the cherry rum is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
1gjp23WV368 transitioning between synchronous and asynchronous in juggling requires keeping a steady beat . learn to switch from synchronous to asynchronous and back with tips from an experienced performer in this free juggling video .
1aWREUsHajo do not throw a st. patrick 's day party without plenty of beer . choose the right beer for a st. patrick 's day party with tips from a party planner in this free social events video .
ceSAEXSH3hU preparing your image for a giclee art reproduction is crucial for a quality product . get information about image preparation with expertise from a professional artist in this free giclee reproduction video .
5y5LGW4SNkQ learn how to give medication to your pet sugar glider , by administering it with a syringe or putting it in it 's food ; learn more tips on giving medication to sugar gliders in this free pet care video .
42Zp5x7X3eU the best unique , educational baby toys ! learn all about baby toys that promote confidence in this free video clip on baby safety and baby learning toys .
2LdgH93ZEj8 tips for controlling puppets . learn how to add guide markings for a bunraku puppet arm control in this free puppetry lesson from an expert puppeteer .
2hTE5QhuGE4 tutoring rates usually decrease with longer sessions and can be adjusted if a student commits to a certain amount of tutoring a week or a month . determine market value for tutoring services with tips from a professional tutor in this free video on education .
0CPT0O-r-70 sanitizing both the client and masseuse 's hands before a hand massage will prevent spreading germs . learn more about sanitizing the hands for a hand massage with tips from a manicurist in this free massage therapy video .
DeDsril4gqA the sideways toe balancing exercise engages the core muscles and increases blood flow to the toes . stimulate blood flow with tips from an aerobics instructor in this free video on foot stretches .
2k3qAwAWwSQ trying to wax your eyebrows ? learn the supplies and tools for waxing eyebrows in this free video clip from a salon expert .
FlK7nF8rTj4 one of the most painful medical problems for cats is when they ca n't urinate due to a blockage in their system . learn more about urinary track obstructions and its symptoms in this free pet care video from a practicing veterinarian .
acdVm7P4Zoo learn tips and techniques on how to properly adjust a front derailleur on a mountain bike in this free online video clip about mechanical parts and concepts of mountain bikes .
5BQZ837oigs toe raise pilates are great for working out your calves and inner thighs . see how to do the to raise , a standing pilates exercise in this free pilates exercise video .
dVYtQV_V4vk options for bridal parties include traditional showers and bachelorette parties . choose the type of party for a bridal shower with tips from a party planner in this free video on weddings .
EOHrybLEPs4 learn how to hold the hook for making a christmas bracelet with expert jewelry making tips in this free craft video .
2hghKijMcV8 learn some tips on onsite solutions for construction problems in this free home improvement video .
b_kbfxj5Y5M options for medicine balls to use in boxing training . learn about medicine ball exercises for boxers in this free boxing workout video .
dWQdRpVUAAc care for pet tree frogs by getting a vertical cage that mimics an arboreal setting , the natural habitats of tree frogs . raise healthy pet tree frogs with tips from a herpetologist in this free video on tree frog care .
4XtaZ9oKZ0o keep the car engine clean as an ongoing step in preventative automotive maintenance ; learn how from our expert mechanic in this free car-maintenance video .
EgLgISJA394 card calls for exchange of dark world monsters . learn about trading dark world monsters in this free yu-gi-oh lesson from a strategy and rpg game teacher
a1gcsjwaDLQ when learning to play an instrument such as the saxophone , patience is an important part of the learning process . practice to become a better saxophone player with the tips in this free video music lesson from a professional saxophone instructor .
eUvhKPJkb_0 the canon eos autofocus camera has three autofocus modes . learn how to activate the autofocus mode of the canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free canon photography lesson .
_DkF8vXY00U knees take most of the abuse for movement and exercise patterns . learn more about the knee with tips from an exercise therapist in this free health video .
EXWmcrZjSOU when making jacket sleeve alterations , remove buttons with a razor blade . see how easy it is to remove jacket buttons with a razor blade with tips from an experienced seamstress in this free video on alterations .
2kHk_zFjt9s learn how to serve italian stuffed shells and more about making traditional italian food in this free cooking video .
angHQkCxQAc learn how to frame roof valleys using battens in this free roofing instruction video .
1spCnuBmWYk learn how to avoid water hazards and drowning in the kitchen in this free video series that will ensure that your child stays safe in every room of your house , including your kitchen .
37NZmAsExb0 reverse mount the bowl and turn it by hand to see any side to side movement . learn about reverse mounting a bowl from a woodturning expert in this free crafts series .
CRcNwN9A3OA train a dog to take food from a human gently . learn how to feed a dog treats and other tips for commands in this free pet training video .
a1VnqIe2fhg always look ahead and maximize options in pyramid solitaire . learn about maximizing options in the game of pyramid solitaire in this free card games video from a poker player .
2jjZzQhGSMg how to play a full drum beat ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
21oHZtVW0z4 learn how to mix the reverb in a rap song in order to produce a hit rap track in this free video series that will have you creating rhythmic rap music in no time .
E_fmgkxXI5Q in kung fu , activating the diaphragm by drawing breath into your body is known as natural breathing . learn more about natural breathing and qigong from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
2gKzv4fojmE when returning fish to the water , place hand in the water before releasing it . preserve the fish population with the fishing tips in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
FZ8exMGq9AI a ceramic chalice can be formed in two portion . see how to open and pinch up walls on the upper portion of a clay chalice .
Cbf1yq2Zrbg how to remove potatoes and onions from your tortilla de patatas ; learn more about making traditional spanish food in this free cooking video .
48-lJzAu5g4 disc golf is a popular outdoor recreational sport that has many benefits , both mentally and physically . learn more in this free video series .
Fa62zbsgRGY ask questions about your character to bring to light motivations and concerns below the surface . learn to act in character by asking questions from a performer in this free acting video .
cfN3HynwH1c for the criss cross card , use the scraps left over from the base to cut the pattern paper . cut pattern paper for a criss cross card with tips from a veteran scrapbooker in this free video on arts and crafts .
3bJ8vp_31fU a drying rack for ceramic two-piece vases is useful for drying pieces uniformly . dry ceramic two-piece vases with tips from an artist in this free video on ceramics and pottery .
aUPGFQ7sYsY replacing automotive carpet requires standard safety practices . safely replace car rugs with tips from a certified master mechanic in this free video on automotive maintenance .
D6llbH9VIVk how to paint fake blood on a razor blade charm bracelet from household items ; get expert tips and advice on making jewelry from recycled materials in this free instructional video .
3hClTb-8kyI four seasons oolong tea leaves are harvested yearlong . discover more about four seasons oolong tea with tips from the owner of a tea company in this free video about oolong tea types .
duoIw2Fq300 tips for becoming a better rebounder . learn what not to do on a rebound in this free youth basketball lesson from an experienced coach .
3j8yn_sg3-s drum machine sounds in logic pro can be set to match notes played on a keyboard . learn how to use the logic pro 8 drum machine tutorial in this free music software video from a professional producer and audio engineer .
4N-aI3OkDvQ learn how to hang multiple pictures in one space with a demonstration from our expert in this free interior design video on techniques and tips for hanging pictures .
52QPBQEQN7Y learn from our expert how the lead changes at target station three before shooting in this free instructional video on advanced target shooting .
Ff8p9GHvep4 check on retiring players for `` madden '08 '' when putting together a roster . get tips on checking on retiring players for `` madden '08 '' from a video game expert in this free gaming video .
eNNV7pL1e4s potential employers often ask about college and previous employers . learn about past experience questions to expect on job interviews in this free career advice video from a communications expert .
1g9c_YQZh5E print paper sucks up humidity and can curl . learn how to prepare print paper to avoid curling in this free photography video about how to make cyanotype prints .
bp1XYyP2w7I how to build augmented chords on a guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar , reading music , and music theory in this free music lesson video .
b2yhsr43iFo your freshly crocheted border on your multicolor granny square should look like teeth marks biting down . learn how to crochet a bag from start to finish in this free crafts video .
BgbGK3f2DC4 practicing spinning with kamas will help you learn how to do switch ups or opposite spins with kamas . learn how to do switch up with kamas in this free video on weapons training .
4U6LNP2whWs aikido is a martial art that uses your opponent 's momentum to defend against them . watch this free video clip and learn how to avoid and take down an opponent as they try a wrist grab wrist grab .
Ei0QhYHSDZA how to touch up high fashion makeup ; get professional tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetics like you see in fashion magazines and fashion shows in this free beauty video .
0t_nltnZdsg learn how vitamins can be used for treating restless legs syndrome with expert medical advice in this free health care video clip .
3k9p2UH-kAs the reverse maya belly dancing shimmy is a vertical figure-8 of the hips and lower abdomen rotating in the opposite direction . learn the reverse maya shimmy with tips from a dance director in this free belly dancing video .
bOb6KVoi9rY in order to defrag a computer , one must go to start , select my computer and right-click it , go to manage and choose disk defragmenter under the storage section . defrag a computer hard drive to improve its speed and performance with tips from an it and computer specialist in this free video on computer technology .
2HUxYZ-qpt4 learn what rock climbing chalk bag , equipment and gear you need to get started climbing rocks in these free rock and mountain climbing videos .
cQxq2JWQB3g one of the responsibilities of a first or third base coach is to encourage their players . learn how to motivate baseball players in this free video on baseball coaching .
5pOvtbrIh7w tortoises need very specific food and water bowls because they are a little clumsy . learn how to pick out a good tortoise food and water bowl with tips from a reptile expert in this free pet care video .
1iNZfYho0yc math tricks can be a fun way to learn and teach basic rules of algebra . impress friends by using numbers to do math tricks with tips from a mathematics tutor in this free video on math lessons .
FTy6INu9WoM learn how to fold the outside edges into the center line for an origami vulture with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
FrZ3_AFzN0c you want to try and make sure that you 're always going to mix your paints on the pallet instead of the canvas because then you will have them for later on , you 'll be able to make more of it . learn about supplies for painting from a professional artist in this free video .
59CL_goma4c saxophones can range in price depending on what class of horn they are in . learn about the different classes and how they affect prices with tips from a professional saxophone player in this free music lesson video .
D6w2xSgxKfI learn how to inspect a baritone saxophone before playing it and get professional instruction for playing this versatile and beautiful instrument in this free music lesson video .
cOyXmAK9btk learn how to store picadillo con arroz with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
0CrEEBjBSTM having trouble picking a perfume scent . get tips for browsing the current perfume lineup with magazines in this free video clip about picking the right perfume for you .
E0JvjOcYSjo a synthesizer sounds like synthesized sound and instruments and can be mixed to create any sound that a musician or producer wants for a song . use synthesizers to represent actual instruments or complex sounds with tips from a recording studio engineer in this free video on synthesizers .
562vdcMzkFQ learn how to make a fist and strike a predator in this free women 's self defense video clip .
2b5pqMiL0cI stage an oscar party to get the feel of being in hollywood on it 's biggest night . get ideas for planning an oscar party with tips from an experienced party planner in this free video on party planning .
1J3UAD2lU-g use a pottery ribbon tool when trimming the top of a flat-bottom teapot lid . learn more about trimming the top of a flat-bottom kettle-style pottery teapot lid with tips from a pottery expert in this free craft video .
5brWSLxHQ58 getting a cosmetology license requires completing cosmetology school and passing the state exam . get a cosmetology license with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on makeup .
EYlQw3CiuZY learn what belly dancing costumes and accessories to wear while belly dancing in this free video dance lesson .
c00xO9J9lGQ juggling with four clubs requires mastering the three-club juggle . learn about four-club juggling with tips from an experienced performer in this free juggling video .
dT6TKyVvddY dirty birds is an effective sports training exercise that 's great to perform with a partner . learn more about dirty birds from a professional fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
e7WFWR5wlEY when working with photoshop cs3 , reflect an image upside down by hitting command t , or control t on the pc . flip an image with tips from a professional photographer in this free video on photoshop .
0s2JBzhsWXw how to use as much available kiln space for big and small pieces of pottery as possible to save on costs ; learn this and more in this free video arts and crafts lesson taught by a pottery making expert .
aicu5uJjCyE make your lips shine ! learn how to apply lip gloss in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
aLQiDtT6fK0 a pot lid should match the size of its matching pot . see how to make pot lids on the potter 's wheel in this free ceramics video .
dnWGrgjywvs learn to play accordion solitaire by watching a sample hand . let a professional card player demonstrate an accordion solitaire hand in this free video about solitaire card games .
aUe-s3oBmmc soil and mulch may contain hazardous chemicals and nutrients , which can be a safety issue to children . learn how to protect kids from soil nutrient hazards with tips from a parenting specialist in this free home safety video .
Ekc2gjN8eP4 learn how to defend a rip move and play center in this free video clip on football . get football tips from a coach and improve your playing .
5EOCjnHqPqU in youth basketball , good defensive players should adjust to the skills of the players on offense . help a team to become better defensive players using the coaching tips in this free video lesson on youth basketball from an experienced coach .
3XT60VxFH7Q pregnant dogs are fed high-quality puppy food , such as iams or eukanuba puppy food , in order to gain extra protein and calories . prepare a pregnant dog for giving birth by feeding her nutrient-rich puppy food with tips from a veterinarian in this free video on dog care .
07n9gNTlVdI how to clean the lines on a surfboard is discussed in this free video series that will show you how to maintain and care for your surfboard to ensure that it 's always ocean ready .
dQJyDM9pKR8 effleurage is an equine massage technique that consists of stroking the horse . learn more about effleurage techniques in equine massage with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
