DOx-0ZSIZkA hi everybody i 'm john graden from the martial arts teacher 's association and johngraden.com . one of the questions i have been asked through the years how do you choose a martial art ? it really varies it depends on what your goal is . are you trying to get in better shape , do you want to learn self defense , do you want to compete or are you just interested in the mental benefits of the martial arts offer you , mental benefits such as self confidence , self discipline , self control , respect , so there is a lot of variables . in my mind when people say what style is best , what style should i do the only style that is really important is the teaching style of the instructor . so how do you choose a good martial arts ? it is really more about choosing a good martial arts instructor , it 's about choosing a good martial arts school , so when you are going to make the decision make sure first you know what your goal is . if you really want a strong self defense oriented system you want to be working with an instructor who may have a police background a law enforcement background , some practical application in street self defense . if you are just looking to become a martial artist or a good black belt here is the key . you want to go and visit and watch the students , watch the beginner students and study in particular the teaching style of the instructor . how does that instructor interact with the students , how does that instructor conduct a class ? then go look at the advanced students . we want to make sure that they 're impressive , we want to make sure that they 're in shape , we want to make sure there is lots of them . what does that mean if there is lots of advanced students ? that means the school has a high retention . that means that it is a good school or she is a good instructor and she is able to keep her students for a long time . when you have a school that has lots of brown and black belts and they are impressive then you know you have an instructor that has a curriculum designed to keep students in the school so the teaching style is the most important style of any martial art . there are a variety of different styles , tai kwon do , kempo , kung fu , karate , i 'm not that interested in the style , i 'm interested in the teacher , making sure that teacher can help me or you to reach your goals . i 'm john graden for the martial arts teacher 's association . thanks . tune in for more martial arts excitement . thanks .
eIWrXHhCGGU hi ! this is shana bethune on behalf of expert village and i am going to talk about using loops . loops makes everything easier . let 's say you have a part that repeats throughout your song . you can save a lot of time by recording the part once and then looping it . that way you do n't have to worry about messing 3 minutes into the song and starting over . the downside to loops is they tend to lack expression . this is n't always the case though and loops are fantastic for percussive parts . if you get a good loop , you will never have to worry about someone being offered them . base lines and rhythm guitar parts that do n't change , also work well for loops . to make a loop record the part several times and choose a tape that sounds good . either copy and paste it or drag it depending on your software . playback the loop and see if the transitions work . sometimes even good tapes have bad transitions . if the transitions do n't work , just record the part again . sooner or later you are going to get it right . loops can also be used to double normal parts . that way the final sound is both solid and expressive and you can also make loops from other recordings . there are really countless ways to use loops . all you have to do is be creative .
3-0hPEa5oyU hi i 'm the star goddess , and here are some tips for winning back a scorpio man . truth be told , it 's often difficult to lose a scorpio man . but if you 've done that through betrayal or did n't pay enough attention to him , it 's going to be a long , arduous road to win back their trust because that 's at the core of a scorpio 's belief . scorpios deal in black and white . either you 're with them or against them . so in order to win a scorpio back you have to prove to them beyond a shadow of a doubt how absolutely contrite you are . the best way to get back a scorpio man is to tell him how mere men pale in comparison to him . and if you really want to get their attention , you have to look them dead in the eye and say , `` you have ruined me for other men . '' they will punish you for an appropriate amount of time . and if you are persistent and you show that you 're worthy , the scorpio will welcome you back . but he 's still going to check your cell phone record . he 's still going to wake you up at two o'clock in the morning just to make sure your story 's straight . so if you really want to win back a scorpio man , you have to show him how sorry you are for everything you 've done . and the sex needs to start on monday and finish on a saturday afternoon . that 's how you win back a scorpio man . i 'm the star goddess , and that 's better living through astrology .
af6xGk282eo where can you legally ride bikes ? the dmv has a list of where you can ride your particular vehicle . there are two types of vehicles . they have what 's called a two stroke and a four stroke . some are green sticker . some are red sticker . red sticker vehicles are a little more restricted where you can ride- green stickers a little more opened the dmv.org , ca.dmv.org has a list of where and where you should and should n't ride . a common mistake a lot of people make is they end up buying a bike that 's a little too small . they want to ride hard . they want to ride fast maybe they 're a little heavier a little more experience but they want to save a dollar . so , they end up going from a bike like this that will do what the want it to do to a bike like this . it 's a little bit of an extreme example but the analogy is the same . you want to get the bike that fits . you want to get the bike that 's going to do what you want it to do . the best thing you could do is talk to an experience person who knows and has been in the business and kind of understands what you want out of a machine . by doing that , you 're going to save yourself a lot of time , a lot of effort and not doing it two or three times . by getting the right machine the first time , better for you . how important is it to do research before you walk into a motorcycle store ? i say pretty important and i say the most important thing is really identifying what you want and what you really want to do with the machine pass that , i would do your homework . look at the different brands . see which one fits you best . which one has a nice history of track record and reliability then fit . fit is going to be important . so , i would recommend trying on a couple of different brands if you can and then getting the one that 's right for you .
Ev065bWCR5w amanda claire : all right . so now you can see i 've gotten most of the glue on there . now , i 'm going to show you something sort of terrible . i 'm going to flip it over , and you can see all this glue oozing through . so this is exactly why you want to be working on this side of the image 'cause if you were working with the flat side down , not only would you be sticking it to the surface you 're working on , but if you moved it even a little bit , you would be smearing it . and sometimes you might , you know , accidentally smear it into the image that you want to be printing , and of course you do n't want to do that . so what i do at this stage , when i 'm pretty much done , is i turn it around and , you know , i 'll hold it up . and anywhere where it looks like the glue has oozed through ; i just kinda take my brush and just sort of smooth it out . and this will help it dry , this will help it kind of be , sort of a more even surface . i 'm just going to kinda go around and , you know , the more kind of uniform it is and the more kinda evenly spread out it is , the quicker it 'll dry and the better it 'll print , too , because the surface will be more uniform . so that 's what i 'm going to do now , just kind of gently , just making sure i 'm not getting it into my image . but i 'm just kinda going around it and anywhere where it looks like the glue kind of oozed through , which is fine . you expect it to ooze through because you 're painting on a pores material . but you just , you know , you do n't want just -- i mean you could even do what i 'm doing here , which is to kind of almost like scrape some of it up and kind of put it back in the mod podge and that 'll also help it dry a lot faster . so there 's just kind of -- especially when you 're putting glue on these very large areas , sometime you get , you know , with the big brush , some accumulation of glue oozing through the other side . so i 'm just going to taking some of that out , 'cause you really do n't need it , this , you know , this thick on the screen . i mean , all you want to do is seal those little holes so this is my last step . and again , i 'm being real careful to not really touch the image , you know , to not really touch the glue that 's drying in the image and , you know , but this will be done soon and then we 're going to let the whole screen dry and move on to printing it .
bIjhe8gDbII hi ! i 'm jennifer cail and on behalf of expert village , i am going to show you how to make this delicious traditional red velvet cake . our next step now that our butter is creamed , is to add the sugar . we are going to add 1 1/2 cups of granulated sugar . you just want to scoop that right in to the 1 cup measuring cup and once it is full , you just want to level it off . fortunately with granulated sugar , you do n't have to worry about sifting it because that is not going to make a difference in its texture . there is 1 cup and here is a half cup and do the same thing , just level it off with the scoop and we are going to put that in . we are going to start at a lower speed just to get the sugar incorporated into the butter a bit before we turn it on to a higher speed to fully mix the two . now as you can see the butter and sugar have been mixed together because there is so much more sugar than there is butter , it is going to have a very grainy texture to it . unlike with cookies when you are making a cake with this , it is not going to be as creamy and whipped as if you have equal amounts of butter and sugar . so you are going for a grainer texture and you can see we are there , so it is time for the next step .
5savjXYu3ps clancy rose : hello . i 'm clancy rose from cafe medici in austin . texas and i 'm here today with expert village , and what i want i 'm going to be showing you guys how to make today is a single macchiato . first , i 'm going to show you the things that you 're going to need for the process . i 'd like to keep about three or four clean , dry kitchen towels on hand . you 're going to want your espresso grinder . you have you beans that you use for the espresso shots , and of course you have your home espresso machine right here . i like to keep one of the towels wet on the top of the espresso machine to wipe down my steam wand after steaming milk . you have what 's called the demitasse cup . it 's like a 2- to 3-ounce cup for your macchiato that you 're going to pour the drink in . the espresso tamper , which goes into the process of making the espresso shots and then i 'm going to have my thermometer over here for checking the temperature of the milk after steaming , a milk steaming pitcher , and my milk .
CZesCiPtvHc ok , first of all , i am `` chicken-winging '' this arm just like this , and i 'm holding underneath the elbow , just underneath the shoulder area . now give it a nice little squeeze right there . this arm is going around her neck and i 'm spreading out just like this , almost like a cheerleader if you will . i 'm grabbing either my own gi right her , her gi right here , or i 'm grabbing just right here . now , i 'm going to go ahead and spread out my legs , and you 're going to have to be very careful with that . i 'll tell you why in a little while . now she 's going to go ahead and rotate this way . now when she does that , i 'm going to go ahead and follow her . now if she goes the other way , i go ahead and scoot and follow her there . this will assure me that she will go ahead and stay pinned . now , if we move around this way again , i 'll show you why you 've got ta be careful when you spread your legs out like this . if you move your leg all the way over here , then she 's going to go ahead and get into a half guard position . in a competition , i have 5 seconds to get out of here , or else we have to start the match over .
bg9oveqz688 as you 're practicing trikonasana , triangle posture , every inhalation wants to lengthen the spine . so feel the energy come from that back heel right up the leg , right up the spine , all the way up to the crown . when you exhale , you can press the sacrum down toward that rear heel to continue tractioning and lengthening the spine . it 's a great way to feel the energy moving on up , from the floor , all the way up through the crown of your head and to release down through the tail bone , opening up the spaces between the vertebrae , lengthening , bring energy through the spine , reaching out through the fingertips , breathing . inhaling from the base of the spine all the way up through the crown and exhaling from the top of the body all the way down the spine , breathing and maybe putting a little rotation of the ribs there as you exhale . triangle , feel all the triangle as your body 's making . imagine .
0uWLOsjiyMg english bicycles have handlebars that are considered the north road style , and i 'll show you the curves to them , but the advantage is you can sit on these bicycles in a nice , comfortable , upright position . your hands are not too far forward , you 're not leaning too far forward , you 're also not leaning too far back . here 's the classic north road handlebars . they were very straightforward , very easy to adjust . the stem here has a raleigh brand on it . if you were to adjust the angle of the bars this way you 'd work with this bolt . if you wanted to raise or lower the height on your handlebars to make it more comfortable to ride you would back off this binder bolt , and tap it with a hammer , and you could raise and lower the the handlebars . the handlebars on this rod brake bike are a little more complicated . first of all , there is no adjustment this way . there is no binder bolt here , so you can not adjust the angle of these . the only adjustment you have is the height , up and down . you can also see the complicated linkage and mechanisms for operating the rod brakes .
b2k59617MJs hi my name is otis st. clair and i am here today to talk to you about passing route plays . now every team or every organization has a passing route tree so i 'm going to show you the passing route tree and probably show you a couple of routes that you can run with your offense . the passing route tree starts with the wide receiver and goes up like this which would be called the fly route and then off of that we have our branches . the first branch we will draw is a quick out and that runs about 3 to 5 yards and then we have a slant route which is also running about 3 to 5 , maybe six yards , going up from there and staying on to the outside we have a deep out , we have what is called a flat route which is running to the flag part of the in zone and then coming off of that and going back to the inside we have a curl which used to be called a butt hook and we would have a post route and then we have what is called an in or square in . these routes also numbered as well . this one is called a one route for the quick out , two for the slant , three for the deep out , four for the in and five for the flat and six for the curl and we have a post corner that i forgot which is the seven route , eight is for the post route and the nine is the flat route . so that is the passing tree . our even numbers are to the inside with the football being right here so if you call an even number the passing tree , the passing routes are going to the inside so if you call an out route with an odd number you are going to the outside or towards the sidelines . that is your basic simple passing route tree . you can make your play book from this tree right here , run your routes and score touch downs . my name is otis and that is our passing route plays .
1MpyWS9FaCc don varney : hi , i 'm don varney , founder of varney speaks , and i 'm here on behalf of expert village . i think we need to talk about this just a moment . what happened here is really a nightmare to most speakers , and that is that you have someone in the audience that , for whatever reason , does n't realize their voice is carrying across the room . and they 're trying -- they 're not trying to be rude , they 're really not . they 're just interested in where you 're going to go to lunch or what you 're going to do after this is over . maybe they 've heard all about you that they want to hear and now they 're just kind of checking out . the thing that you have to do is understand . you 're there for the people that want to hear you . and maybe not everybody wants to . you can embarrass 'em . you can try to overpower them . but i found in the past that if i just take a few moments , bring them in to what it is i 'm saying . let them know that i know they 're being talkative and loud . let 'em know that people around 'em are aware that they 're being talkative and loud . you 'll find most cases , most , and there are a few where i 've had to use other tactics but the reality of it is once you do that , most people do just what happened in this particular scenario of -- once i got involved with 'em , they quieted . i let 'em know that in a few minutes i 'm done and we 're off and running and away we go without trying to embarrass them in front of their peers .
2fab9JCeJOA what can you use as organic flea control . organic flea control is a lot like natural flea control or anything else . you can use things like cedar chips around your house and around your lawn to help repel and keep away fleas . planting lots of lavender , using lots of lavender scented potpourris or lavender shampoos , things like that can help a lot . of course if you are going for organic you want to make sure you are getting an organic lavender source . some sort of lavender shampoo or something . dried rosemary works extremely well . boiling that in water and then letting it cool over night can be used as a flea repellent and a flea dip . as can things like essential oils like tea tree oil , and lavender oil of course always be careful that we are not ever putting tea tree oils or lavender oils directly on an animal . this is a big no no . we do n't every want to do that , very dangerous , very hazardous for the animal 's health . so be very careful when ever you are dealing with that . any kind of natural homemade or organic flea control that 's not commercially purchased should be you know , care should be taken when using it , it could be potentially deadly and painful to your pet .
34CWhRiIkGc working with hypertension , there 's various postures . but , one of the easiest postures to do this is to come up on your knees and on your knees you put your knees together . and quite often people have a problem with their knees . take a blanket or a pillow up underneath your knees and stand up tall with your shoulders back . now , take a deep breath and reach for it up high . and , then exhale come down . now , sit right back towards your heels . and , as you sit back down towards you heels it 's more challenging to keep your knees together than it is to separate them . reach right out . stretch , exhale . and , then come all the way back up . inhale , reach up tall . and , then exhale . release it back towards your heels . bring the head and the shoulders right down . inhale , reach right up tall . now , try it with your knees together and feel the difference of the variation . deep breath in . exhale , come down . but , take the ease down between your arms and just stretch . inhale , reach right up tall . stretch . and , then one more time . come down . exhale , reaching forward ease down between your arms . and , then slide those hands right back toward you and sit back towards your heels .
F_sEWqq7IaI yes , i could certainly do that for you , but right now i 'm calling australia , see you larry . hi everyone , my name is russ handler , and did you know that dialing internationally out of the united states , you actually have to know four separate numbers . that 's right , so how do you dial australia ? pretty simple . dialing australia consists of four separate numbers . zero one one gets you out of the country , then there is what 's known as a country code , in this case australia is six one , then a city code , let 's say you want to dial melbourne , that would be three nine , then of course the number . so , how do you dial australia ? simple . zero one one gets you out of the country , six one is the country code , let 's say we 're dialing melbourne , the city code is thirty-nine , and then five five five six three two one for the number . now , it 's that simple , but there are a lot of numbers that you got to keep in mind , so make sure that you transcribe them well , and keep in mind that we could tell you that australia has an excellent domestic and international submarine cabling system , as well as infrastructure for communications , and lots and lots , about fifty-four various satellites throughout the country that handle communications . it 's that simple - i 'm russ handler , have a great day .
ba47RuN87hA hi , my name is richard buccola and on behalf of expert village today i 'm going to show you how to make bean burrito bites . we are back i 'm just going to show you how i serve these . they came out wonderful , i cut them in half in an angle . what i did is i positioned them with the outside so you can see the insides . look how nice they look . they are still a little warm . what i do then is i put a serving tray like this and i add my salsa , a nice amount of salsa right to the middle so people can dunk it . get a medium to hot salsa . what i do then is i just take some of that fresh cilantro and i put it right on top like that . i also go around the whole plate with some of the fresh cilantro . so do n't worry if they do n't stay on top . what you try to do is just give it a nice little look and look how nice , come on this is great . they taste amazing and look at that . you can actually make these before hand and just keep them in your fridge and just reheat them in your oven and look that is a beautiful tray for the super bowl .
BX1hlqMAGU8 john sexton : halo 3 is a registered trademark of bungie software , i company which i have no affiliation . i just threw down a flare , a flashbang-type weapon to blind the enemies there . i picked up that piece of equipment in the midst of all the fighting . so , i 'm going to pick up this other carbine in favor of my spiker 'cause it 's running out of ammo and come around the other side , this corridor , and find a few more grunts , and now 'we 're getting into the area . they just threw a sticky grenade but luckily it missed . getting around to the area where we saw the brutes throw sergeant johnson a little bit earlier . he is in this shack building right here , so i 'm going to go in here and try to rescue him . there 's a force field , so you just hold right bumper here to deactivate that , and now we 've freed our buddies . so , we 've got some forces incoming to save us here . the main pelican is piloted by captain keyes . captain [ sounds like ] amanda keyes is one of the -- another recurring character in the halo universe , and she is sort of a not a major part of the story but she 's important . she plays an important role in halo 3 so we have to just protect sergeant johnson and a few soldiers [ indiscernible ] with him until keyes can get into her pelican to pick us up and end the mission .
aJlETENX3PQ i had my own company and i had my own company for several years and my first systems manager job was actually a , one of my customers for a long time , that i consulted with and it just kind of happened i mean i was in on contract with them to do another project , and during that time there was a lot of things happening in my personal life , and my company and the systems manager position opened up where i was consulting and it just kind of , it was a good fit at the time . i may go back to doing my own company someday but , you know , definitely when you run your own company you have a lot of management experience because you have to manage a lot of different aspects . you have the financial , the projects , the people , the resources , all the stuff . you have to , if you want your company to , you know , if you want to pay the bills you have to manage a lot of that stuff . it was kind of a good fit and they had a lot of the projects that i wanted to work on . that 's how it just kind of happened . i started as a , crap what did i , i actually started as a data clerk back in , oh man i do n't remember how long ago , probably fifteen years ago , and it was a start , it was just data entry , and i had went to school just for computer technology and i just , you know , i was n't , i naturally wanted to fix stuff . so i started messing around . every time something went wrong in the office i would fix it and then i ended up getting promoted i think to a land technician or something . i do n't even remember now . so , it was very entry level and just kind of bounced around the corporate ladder for a while . jump ship for awhile and did my own thing like i mentioned and came back and here i am . my first big break i guess was , you know oddly enough i would say that when i left , i was at a previous job as a tier three engineer , and i mean we did a lot of the intercross level support and we supported a lot of our land managers and land admins and stuff , and oddly enough my break was when i left that job because i was so comfortable . we get caught up the convenience of a job and you just , you go to work and one day i just , you start going to work like , `` why am i working here ? '' you know ? but you do n't want to leave the benefits and the money , the steady pay and i decided to leave , and i left , and that 's when i started my own company , and you know , it 's a totally different world , totally different feel . i think even though at the time it was scary , i think that was my break because i was , i started to doing things on my own and it was just a lot more freedom and my attitude was better and i treated people better , because i used to come home and just , you know , mentally brain dead , and then you wake up the next morning and you do n't want to get up and i hated that . you know ? so , yeah , i think that when i left that job and started doing my own thing i was , it was a , i was much more happy .
-eVbw_nRsLI ok , so here once again , we 're in the fairway bunker . i 've got a shot at the green with my 9 iron here . so what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to look at the green , so i 'm going to take my line on this ball so i want to get parallel to the line of flight of the ball , however , there is a tendency to fade the ball when you 're hitting out of sand . so , you might want to correct for that but you know your own game . so i want you to get a good solid stance , be balanced because sand is loose and you do n't want to have a bad , when you take the club back you want to be in good balance . because bad balance you 'll hit a bad shot . because the sand is very unforgiving . so that ball was pretty straight , not quite as far as i 'd like . so let 's try one more here . so when i 'm on sand i do kind of move my feet a lot because i 'm trying to find that perfect balance . this is n't like hitting off the nice firm ground . so i feel pretty comfortable here and i struck that one just right and i should be all over the pin with that one . so this shot looks harder than it is but do n't get discouraged . if you practice your fairway sand shots it 's going to have a great effect on your hitting the ball off the grass also . because , if you can hit out of this consistently hitting off the grass is easy .
4KRb66D1UyY on behalf of expert village my name is joe spano . another fine point in the serve is to keep your eye obviously on the ball and chin and left shoulder the toss arm or right shoulder if your a lefty as high as you can and looking at the ball totally as you come up from your back foot to the contact point and down your left side to the follow through . i always tell the students do not look at the ball , but look at my eyes as i knock this ball into the box . okay my head is completely up and eyes at the ball . left shoulder up , those balls are in the box . you do n't need to drop your head or eyes but the contact to make solid hits you want to keep your head and that shoulder up to the ball and extend to the ball .
DqPQn-kdC1Y we 're going to be sizing this ring down . we 're going to size it down one size , so we 're actually going to cut a piece of metal out . now to make sure that we size it to the right size , i 'm going to use a sizing gage like this and actually a compass or divider , some people would call it . and we 're going to mark the exact space of one size . and starting at one of the solder seams that are on here , i 'm going to mark it , scribing a line at those two points which will tell me exactly where to cut it . the next step 's to cut it . and you want to have a nice , straight , clean cut . i 'm using a jewelers hand saw . there are also a number of other shears and things , but this is the way that probably ninety-five percent of jewelers in the world cut a ring before sizing it . now looking carefully from the marks that i 've scribed in there , i 'm going to cut two cuts right through to remove the piece of metal . and we want to make sure that the cut is extremely straight , has a nice flush surface so that when you put it together there are no irregularities in the surface of the cut . of course , it always does this when someone 's watching .
a7GOrTEEUBs okay , so we are going to be putting it right here . put the nail in . they are small nails so you got to be careful , but usually the wood of a stretcher bar is going to be a really soft wood so it is not like this is going to be too labor intensive . i am using a staple gun . you can use a hammer , staple gun , as i said this is really soft so you would not need the much weight to get it in there . a couple of pounds , there we go . it is settled , nice and tight . okay , go to this side . okay , as i said before this is a small , light canvas so this is going to be fine . if you are using like something that is bigger and heavier you want to be more particular about how you are going to be hanging it .
EOiMSRlFT78 my name is courtney hester on behalf of expert village . in this clip i 'm going to show you a couple of programs that your child can use to manipulate the pictures they 've taken or that you 've taken and a great way for them to view them and make little projects with their pictures . this could be fun for them just to do at home or they can actually use this for maybe a school project . the first program i 'm going to show you is paint . i have a shortcut here on my desktop , so i 'm just going to double click and then we go to file and open and i 'm going to find a picture that we 've taken . now this is really big in here so we can go to image and stretch and skew and i 'm going to bring this down to about 45 % and that 's going to make it , it should make it a manageable size . it 's still a little large , so we 're going to make it a little smaller . now , if i wanted to type on this picture , i can draw a text box and type and i can paint around this and dress this any way i want . kids have a great time manipulating and playing with their pictures in this program . the next program i 'm going to show you is powerpoint , this is a microsoft program . we 're going to go with a blank presentation and we 're just going to click this type of slide here . i 'm going to go ahead and leave that text box cause i think i 'm going to type in it , but i 'm going to delete this one . we go to insert , picture from our file and again it 's going to pull my pictures . i 'm going to pick up this picture here and then here , we 've got that and then we can add subtitles to this , we can add other pictures to go with it . this is a great program to make a presentation with .
5pYDbonDZ18 hi i 'm casey on behalf of expert village in this segment i 'm going to show you how to apply the wax to the center of the eyebrow . in the last segment i showed you how to apply it underneath the eyebrow . so keeping in mind when i showed you in the shaping that i want to go to the corner of the eye out so i 'm going to put wax here . i 'm going to put it all the way across the middle to the other side , i 'm going to bring the wax a little bit up to his forehead so i can have some leverage when i need to pull . stay tune to the next segment where i 'm going to show how to apply the wax to the top of the eyebrow .
FPGADR-FkMQ so i changed my mind , i am going to before i put the , i went ahead and i put the tail on , there it is . whipped stitched right above the butt there . but before i put the arms on i decided i am going to go ahead and stuff the monkey for the most part . get stuffing into the head and into the torso . so i can start seeing that the shape the monkey is going to have and decide kind of the placement of the arms . and i mean kind of at this point it kind of helps to start just putting some stuffing in to kind of get that three dimensional shape going on so it kind of helps you with placement of the arms and i guess other things . you know you do n't have to necessarily do this project in the order we have done it . but alright so i am going to kind of work this towards the head here . excuse me little monkey . but i am going to get in , here we go . okay so first thing is there we go . see all that stuffing i put in is basically just filling the top of the head . okay so this guy is going to need a lot of stuffing before he 's ready to go . so i am just going to keep putting it in there . i am going to take a big old hand full of this and just you know it 's only one way it 's going in . so sorry little guy ! but just keep doing it and then once we have a little bit of shape to the torso then we will look for the placement of some of the arms and go from there .
2HlPsX6WLGw so now we 're ready to lay in the final shape of the body of the casserole . i like to make sure that the inner wall is lubricated , but not too wet . i do n't want my hands sticking , because i 'm using more pressure now than i have before . and i 'm going to take my rib and push it in , and my fingers will be above the bottom part of the rib so that i 'm pulling up again . but i 'm also compressing , and smoothing , and putting in the final shape that i was talking about earlier , where it goes out . and you want to address your lid gallery , which is what this area is called , just about every time you pull up . make sure you 're keeping it in check . you do n't want it to get out of control , or get shaped a different way than you had planned . i like to put a little bit of a shoulder into my casseroles . it gives a nice place for the handle to sit . just make sure that it 's the shape that you really want . give it a nice undercut . and then the final thing that you want to do is address this lid gallery again . you can see this looks a little wobbly , but it 's not as wobbly at it looks . and then once i get that smoothed in , that will be nice and round again . and now we 're ready to throw the lid .
4ObxeLa2qZ0 one common question that i often get from many of my clients is what about supplements . supplements can be very important in some peoples diets and sometimes people do n't need supplements in their diet . you should really talk to your dietitian or your doctor about whether or not you need a supplement . supplements usually fall into our appropriate two peoples diet . say if you do n't like fruits , so you may not be getting all of your vitamins and minerals that you need . or maybe you are not able to eat a balance diet because you are a busy individual and you may be lacking some of the vitamins and minerals there . the important thing to remember is that we do n't know about all the vitamins and minerals that are out there . a orange for example has 170 antioxidants so again we are talking about vitamins and minerals and you are not going to be able to get all of the nutrients that you need . to learn more about supplements you can get on my website at www.lifestillnutrition.com or call for a nutrition counsel or visit your doctor .
E-njnp8kIXA hi , this is sean hobson , for expert village . what we want to talk about now is running the pattern called the out route . the out route can be very effective . it 's not a route you 'll run to pick up a lot of yardage . if you have a defensive back that really cheats to the inside you want to try to run the outside route . this is also a good route to use if you 're trying to save time and trying to pick up yardage and stop the clock . you can through him to the outside and get out of bounds to stop the clock . this is what an out route looks like ( video demo ) . we 're going to have our receiver run about 5 yards and get the defensive back in his back peddle . then he 's going to stop the route . he 's either going to give an inside jab step or a shank move and he 's going to go to the outside , he 'll open his body up , looking back , keeping the defensive back on the inside and he 'll get the pass to the outside . one important thing is when he catches the ball on the out route ; he has to catch it , tuck it , turn and try to get up field as quick as possible if he has the defensive back . a lot of times you 'll see the defensive back try to cheat it from the inside . if he can make the catch and head up field he 's going to have a guy on his back and that 's a very effective route . that 's how to run the out route .
3P-tPal_pno this last exercise we are going to do consists of the two sixteenth note type patterns that we just learned the one and uh and the one e and and it sounds like this one and uh two three e and four and one and uh two and three e and four and . let 's put the metronome on , three , four , one and uh two and three e and four and one and uh two and three e and four and one and uh two and three e and four and one and uh two and three e and four and . pick it up a little bit one and uh two and three e and four and one and uh two and three e and four and one and uh two and three e and four and one and uh two and three e and four and one and uh two and three e and four and .
ESj9ntBuj4s in this clip we 're going to talk about the proper way to diagnose , remove and replace a faulty windshield wiper motor . in this step we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure for disconnecting your wiper transmission from the wiper motor arm itself . the wiper motor transmission , this is the end of the bar , for your trans . what the transmission does is takes the rotation of the motor to the back and forth movement of your wiper arms . in order to remove this , i use a set of large needle nose pliers . what you have is a socket and a ball stud on that , on the wiper motor end . just squeeze down like so and apply pressure outwards and inwards , just like that . take and slide the rubber boot off . that 's the proper way to remove the wiper transmission ball socket . do n't use just a flat blade screwdriver or pry bar and pry on one side . that may cock the transmission ball socket and damage the fitting . you 're going to want to use a device that can pry on both sides evenly , like the needle nose here , just like so . we 're going to slide that off . you 're also going to not want to attempt removing the nut on the wiper motor stud . you can get the nut off that 's not a big deal , however , the elbow is pressed on and made of steal and the splines mount together . the only thing you 'll do is waste time by taking the nut off , then having to reinstall it . that 's the proper service procedure for disconnecting your transmission from your wiper motor .
ddXm4aaiQhc hi , my name 's walt cannon . i 'm an electrician . i 've been an electrician 32 years , owner operator of cannon electric . the question was how do you become an electrician . you , in the state of oregon , you have to sit before a board and become indentured , in which you get a letter of intent and you can go and ask contractors for positions . you have to physically get a contractor to sign that before you can even ask any contractor , you have to go before a board and pass what 's called the gatsby test . it 's through the bureau of labor and industries of oregon . and you have to score very high on that test and , if you do n't , you 're not even eligible for a letter of intent . if you are qualified and you do pass that test , you are now eligible to get a letter of intent , go to prospective employers and ask them if they 're looking for work , in which case , if they said yes , they would have a signed form and they 'd give it to you and you 'd get a copy , in which case you go back to the board , and then they indenture you , so to speak . in which case , you have to go school three nights a week and every other saturday for five years and that enables you to then , you 're an apprentice at that point . and that period lasts five years . from that point , you have to sit in as a journeyman . they 're getting another test , schooling is still going on all this time , so it 's a nine year period . once you get to the point where you 're a journeyman electrician , then you 've got your four years in as a journeyman , then you must become a supervisor . and that ' requires one year . after you receive your test , if you pass that 80 % also and then from that point on , you will become eligible to become a contractor in your own right , which would be a master electrician .
aGRp69m0a9U here 's one that incorporates four fingers to four fingers . a flat let go of everything , but c. c is once again your anchor . then we 're going to grab onto the seven keys that make e flat , or you can think of them as four fingers in the right hand . we 're also going to include that fancy new note i just showed you to go beyond the immediate octave . here i 'm going to take it down lower as well ; e flat to c. here you use the rollers . you have e flat and c and the rollers in between . a lot of people are like oh how am i going to do that ; just lightly let your pinkie travel over those rollers . if i can do it with this little dainty thing you can do it ; trust me most people have fingers way bigger than mine ; men and women and kids .
dT8-Q2IohkA hi , this is jeff naylor from mtroniks in mesa , arizona for expert village . in this section , we 're going to show you how to put on all the different kinds of speaker connectors . we have neutrik , we have banana and we have quarter-inch . we 're going to start with a neutrik connector . we have two threaded locks here that actually hold your cable in place . now that we 've prepped and tinned our cable ends , we simply slide them in and screw down these two screws and pull the sheath over it . on the side , this says one-plus here . this is going to be our positive wire . this is going to be the white cable and on this side , they do n't really have an indication for minus , but we 're going assume it ? s the opposite of plus . just kind of drop them in here and crank that down . these metal tabs . this top piece just pushes down over where we just had our connections . there 's your neutrik end . next we 're going to install a banana cable . on the side are holes where we 're going to thread our wire through and on the top are two threaded screws that are going to clamp down the wire . so approaching from the side , we 're going to take our tin wires and put them in on the side with this hole here . if we 're using smaller wire , we 'd actually feed it through this hole but since this is such a large gauge , we 're going to do is put the wires in here and then actually use a zip tie to tie these up firm here 'cause we do n't want this vibrating around . you simply screw 'em down tight with a blade screwdriver . now the most important thing about speaker cable is that your ends always need to be tinned . we see in these connectors that even though we are n't soldering the ends in , it ? s important to have them tinned so that they do n't short out . we always have to remember the difference between instrument and speak cable . remember that . speaker cable does not have an outter shield , while instrument cable does . in our next section , we 're going to discussing mic cables .
bUPfuE5qJ0A hi . i 'm theresa murphy on behalf of expert village and in this clip we 're going to look at some chest openers to improve breathing and circulation down the arms into the wrists and hands . so you want to be in a comfortable seating position when you 're doing any sort of breathing or meditative practice . i tend to prefer to sit on a block in between my heels . all right , so you want a block or maybe two blocks . your block has a couple of heights that you can use to adjust for your own comfort . sit bones squarely on the block . this is a symmetrical seating position . if you have knee issues , you can always sit cross-legged on a bolster . and for this particular exercise you will need a belt with a medium sized loop in it . you 're going to put the whole loop over your body like a hula hoop . make sure the belt is n't twisted in any way . and then you 're going to take the loop and put it back over your head . so i 've created sort of backpack straps with the belt . you 're going to want to cinch it down so it 's a little bit taut . you pull the tail of the belt so the strap is tight to your degree of comfort . slip it up onto the heads of the shoulders , so then the shoulders are pulled open . the chest is opened and i 'm free to take some nice deep breaths ; so breathing in and out of the nose , if you can . if you 're a little stuffy , you can breathe in the nose , out the mouth , or in and out of the mouth if you must . so the idea is , you fill the lungs and ribs as full as you can , enjoying a stretch in the chest and through the collar bones . feels really good . spend one to two , to ten to twenty minutes , as much as you can , just sitting enjoying your breath and enjoying the openness in your chest . it will absolutely help the arms , the wrists , and the carpal tunnel .
ch9MzHetGH0 i 'm bruce marshall , here in budapest , hungary to show you how you might want to dress when you 're going to meet your boyfriend 's parents . now i think , one of the things that is the most important when such a meeting is about to go down as modeled by our wonderful model here kata is , you want to portray a little bit of modesty . you want to portray a little bit of innocence and you want to portray a little bit of wholesomeness 'cause that 's what you want your boyfriend 's parents to think of you at least on the first meeting . and i think if you pull it off in a simple basic little dress like this , you ca n't go wrong and probably you 'll be one of mom 's favorites . now one thing you should remember when you 're about to meet your boyfriend 's parents is that , not only do you want to portray the wholesome good girl image , but you also want to show them by wearing a dress and maybe not trousers that you have that independent straight cut , might kind of freak a little of you know , freak them out a little bit . but i think again , if you wear the proper dress , something simple , something easy ; it 's basically going to be a winner for all involve . now when you meet your boyfriend 's parents , from head to toe , you want to make sure that you 're correct . so , even down to the shoe , you want to make sure that it 's perfect . something simple , but make sure that your toenails are done , 'cause if those are painted properly , the mother knows that you take care of your feet and if you take care of your feet , you 're probably going to take care of her son just as well .
5u3Kf-UDpJg hi this is sifu tei and we are going to show you what to do if someone is trying to grab you and throw you to the ground so if the person is here and i try and grab them to get them to the ground and they grab me in a headlock . they drop to the ground and as i go here they 're going to hook their legs around and then throw me to the side which brings then into a mount and they can go into punches form here . make sure when you do a mount he knees are mounting the shoulders or else the person can punch you from here . this position is difficult for the person to punch . if they do you still have both arms that you can attack . try it again , slow motion . so i am grabbing from here , grab the headlock , bring it down , turn , flip over into a mount , pin the shoulders and continue to punch . defense against a take down attack . so if someone is trying to take you down or grab you and throw you to the ground , the best thing to do instead of going through those techniques is to attack quickly so you want to attack by throwing some kicks to the person 's knees , eye jabs , bilge which is the eye jab we showed you before . that is the best thing to do before you get into a situation where you have to go into ground fighting .
b8AIaywDqaQ in this final clip on how to accompany yourself on piano , i 'm going to talk about the importance of practice . music is different from a lot of other things that you do in your life . in that , you 'll only really learn it if you do it very frequently . if you practice for three hours once a month , you 're going to get nowhere . and , you 're going to get very frustrated and you 're going to declare to the world that you are not a musician . well , guess what ? you have n't given yourself a real chance . if you practice ten minutes everyday for a month , i promise you your improvement is going to be significant and real . because , when you 're doing music your building your really building new relationships in your brain . synopsis and things like that are really forming . so , it 's something to do daily . do n't beat yourself up about it . but , try and get into a routine . do it everyday after your dinner . ten minutes everyday goes a lot further than two hours once a week . so , i just ca n't emphasize enough the importance of daily regular practice . have fun . get it in routine . and , you might find it very meditative .
eZGO0ebq4Yc now it 's time for the stickers , and all the rest of the stuff that we need to put out in order to allow people to buy all of our stuff . i 'm going to put my stickers right here . it 's really up to you where you want to put them out . the important thing is that they 're available , they 're easy to see . and you always want to make sure that you have your website , clearly displayed on your table . it 's amazing how little people will actually read the stuff that 's on your table , even though you have it there . i mean , you see this thing right here ? stuff to buy right ? it kind of has prices on there ? i put it right here where everybody can see it , and they can look right at it . except a lot of times they 'll put their hand on it and they 'll go , `` hey peter , how much is a girls tee ? '' hum . might be fifteen bucks . well , i do n't give them that sarcastic tone when i talk to them , i always say , `` oh , it 's $ 15 . it 's right here , right over here , right ? '' but , it 's always there . some people are readers . i love readers . they even might pick up this thing that a sticker is free with a cd . a little thing , i always give it to them anyway , even if they do n't know how to read .
bUFsn9GQsCg i have some very good news for you about the feral cat . the los angeles police department is now employing feral cats , who otherwise would have been euphemized at shelters , to fight rats and mice at two police stations ; one at the southeastern branch and the other , the central branch . and they report excellent success because once the mice and rats smell the presence of the cats , they flee . the cats do n't even have to chase them . and it 's said that at parker center , downtown la , their main center , are now going to enjoy having the feral cats drive out the rats there . and you know , i think this should be carried out around the country . wherever there 's a rat problem ; whether it be police departments or elsewhere because the feral cats do an excellent job and they would otherwise , i 'm sorry to say , be euphemized . now , from south korea , we have another case of cats that 's very interesting . they 've just cloned glow-in-the-dark kitties . yes , they 're giving them genes that make them glow in the dark when they 're subjected to ultraviolet light . very cute , and of course , people want to buy them , they 're turkish angoras . the idea is that this research may actually lead to the cure of a human disease . right now , it 's just a very cute idea . and you know what i say to that ? meow , meow , meow .
5_OXVsyFRew classic signs of a heart attack . patients that have a heart attack often complain of chest pain , which they described as crushing pressure , or heaviness in the chest , often associated with an elephant sitting on their chest , or being kicked in the chest by a mule . this pain can be very sharp or at sometimes dull . the pain will also radiate ; most often to the left arm and the left jaw , but can also include pain in the right arm , right shoulder , or the back . nausea and vomiting is common , as is shortness of breath . your skin may become cool , pale , and sweaty , and dizziness or blurred vision can occur . in people , especially women that are diabetics or other non-classic patients that have diabetes , very high pain tolerance , or a former history of heart attacks may not have these classic signs , and symptoms can be a lot more dull and vague , but most often , do include the chest pain and one of the other symptoms , like the nausea and vomiting , shortness of breath , lightheadedness , and blurriness of the vision , as we just described .
3jdjvstGv9E to become a heart surgeon , you need to start by completing a bachelor 's degree , at a four year college or university . during your undergraduate career , you 're going to want to focus on keeping a gpa of 3.75 or above , in order to be a competitive applicant to medical school . to apply to medical school , you must take what 's known as the medical college admissions test , or the mcat . now , if you were a science major , in your undergraduate career , you will have all of the basic knowledge to take the mcat . if you did not major in one of the sciences , then you will need to make sure , that you took all of the science prerequisites for the mcat . being a year of general chemistry , and a year of organic chemistry , a year of physical sciences , and two years of biological sciences . along with your mcat scores , your gpa , your college course of study , and personal statement , you 'll apply to medical school through a standardized system called mcast . almost all of the medical schools in the united states participate in mcast , and you can apply to one or all of them , through their service . the medical colleges will then evaluate you as an applicant , and if you are accepted , you will begin your medical education , which is an additional four year course of study . the first two of which , are really dedicated to didactic instruction , and health sciences , and the second two years , which focus primarily on clinical skills , and knowledge . along the way , you 'll need to pass both parts of the united states medical license exam . step one , covering basic knowledge of health science , and part two , assessing your competency of basic clinical skills . now , upon finishing your course of study in medical school , whether it be an m.d . program or a d.o . program , you 'll be given the degree of doctor , but that 's just the beginning , towards becoming a heart surgeon . the next step , is where you really start learning , first how to be a surgeon , and then how to specifically operate on the heart . most surgical residency programs are a minimum of five years . in fact , all are a minimum of five years , and cardiac surgery will be probably an additional three years beyond that . you 'll apply to a residency program , much as you did to medical school , through a standard match program . once you are matched to a residency program , that 's when you 'll really begin learning how to become a heart surgeon . first , you 'll learn general surgery techniques , and then as you progress through your residency , you 'll start learning how to specifically operate on the heart . upon completing your residency , you can either choose to practice then , or you can go on to do an additional fellowship , which would be another two to three years . most cardiac surgeons will complete a fellowship , as well . once you 've completed your formal medical education at this point , then you can sit for your state license exam , and upon becoming licensed as a physician , you can practice as a heart surgeon .
1g93sGtZViI this is mark bowers from bowersphotography.com in utah , and this segment is flash photography lighting gels . what i 'd like to show you is there 's a lot of gels that are available out there . usually you can find these in theatrical supply stores and some nice photography stores . there 's hundreds of different colors that you can get . some of my favorites , i bought in sheets . you can get them in , some of my favorites are blues and greens and purples and reds . there are some things that you do n't have to spend a whole lot of money on . what i 've done mostly with my gels is because i shoot with a flash that 's very low power , it 's two hundred watts or less , so that i can actually put the gel against the flash and it 's not going to melt . one of my favorite ones is this kodak film that i just rescued from the garbage can , not very expensive . in fact it was free . i put duct tape on the back and i wrapped it the same diameter as the gel and i just put it right over the flash tube and at low power , this just puts out the most beautiful brown color that you imagine . another thing i want to show you is how the lights look on a background . i 've got a little spotlight here and this can show you , kind of this is a red gel , and we 'll just put it on the background . now this particular spot is a hot light . it will melt the gels and so you have to have some space between the gels and the backgrounds . that 's a red one , here 's a blue one and you match the backgrounds with the color that you want to show .
DwN6213m2hM on behalf of expert village , i 'm laura banford and i 'm going to show you how to make super lasagna and caesar salad . i 'm going to make a caesar salad for two , so i only need one head of romaine lettuce . you have to cut the romaine correctly so you do n't end up with a lot of ribs . you do n't want just ribs . you want the actual leafs , right ? some ribs , but not all ribs . let 's cut the bottom off . we do n't need that . what we 're going to do is line up our leaves . find leaves that are kind of the same size like that . line them up exactly so that you can slice out some of the more sturdy bottom ribs and get rid of those . i did that once . let 's so it again . if you line them up , it goes faster . cut them out like that and get rid of them . that way you know you 're not going to be stuck with a lot of ribs for your delicious caesar salad that 's going to go along with this killer lasagna . cut out some of the ribs like that . let 's do it one more time . now we 're left with more of the leaves . the traditional way to chop romaine is line them up again and just cut them crosswise into shreds like that . you have the dark green all the way to the pale green , or almost white , and that 's fine . that gives a little bit of varied look to your salad . we 're almost done with this one head . as you can see , it looks like just enough for a caesar salad for two . when we come back , we 're going to make the dressing for our salad .
EN2ee15BIyg hi , i 'm tim gipson , and i 'm going to talk to you about troubleshooting your heating system . now this is a typical heating system , it 's part of a central hbac system that you find in homes these days . now the first thing that you want to do that i will say in working with your system , it 's important to have it properly maintained , so the first thing i would say in troubleshooting it is make sure that you have inspections by a professional company at least once a year . with that said , there are some things that you can do as a homeowner to make sure that your hbac unit is working properly . now the first thing this is actually a gas fired system . so in this case , i have a valve down here and to make sure it 's operating properly i want to make sure that this valve is on . typically with these valves , if they 're in line with the pipe , that means they 're on , and if it 's ninety degrees out from the pipe , that is off . so if your heat is not coming on , that 's a good thing to check first . next , we can access this unit by pulling this up . now this particular unit here has electronic ignition , which means it does not have a pilot light . now if it happened to be a unit that does have a pilot light , then you would have some kind of box here with a glass window on it . and you would simply look in that window to make sure the pilot light . this particular unit whenever it actually comes on , it has an electronic igniter that starts firing , and until the actual gas flames and the gas engine ignites . now a common thing that you 'll run into on these units if it 's not running at all , and particularly if the air handler will not come on . there is a safety switch , this is called a maintenance switch and it 's always located on the side of the unit . so if your unit is not working at all , it could be that this switch has been bumped . it 's like a light switch , it 's an on and off switch , so you want to make sure that it is in the on position . many times when you find your unit is not operating it 's because this switch has been has been bumped into the off position or perhaps when they performed maintenance on it last , they may have left that off by mistake . i 'm tim gipson , and those are some tips for troubleshooting your heating system .
ai4O91p-Quw alright now , we talked about combining foods . let 's now talk about digestion , because that 's what really part of the raw live food is about is ease of digestion . if you do n't have the enzymes with the vegetables or the foods that you 're eating , then your digestion is going to be poor . what happens is , if the enzymes are n't with the food , it 's going to go down to your cellular level and rob your enzymes that make up your body . each time that you eat cooked food and your body has to rob your cells to digest that food . that 's the process we call aging . one of the main goals here is to communicate to you all that when you eat things like any kind of nuts . these nuts are indigestible ; they have enzyme inhibitors on them . so these nuts need to be soaked for at least an hour before they 're readily available for the nutrients to go into you . a lot of times people eat nuts and they get a belly ache . that belly ache is because the enzyme inhibitors are all over this and your body ca n't digest it . so , anytime that you have indigestion or you burp or you fart or you have gas or anything uncomfortable , you could even have headaches . these are all results of not being able to digest because the enzymes were destroyed and not eating the food properly . combing them wrong , which creates a lot of work for your body . which ends up aging you .
4TU-ZdXsONY ok so now i have my popsicle puzzle . i 've cut all my pieces and got it together here so that you can see what it looks like when it 's completed . and you are just going to pull those apart and mix them up . and you can start putting your puzzle back together . it 's a great way to have a lot of puzzles and you can again recycle your old cards , your old calendars and you can watch people try to put them together . it 's great if you want to put a message on them , this one has wording and so it 's going to give them a guide an make it a little difficult and they 've got to figure out what it says to get to the end of the puzzle . so again , a great easy craft that 's going to take you less than five minutes and cost you less than five cents to do . any other recyclable crafts are great again , popsicle sticks , who loves that ?
d77HSaTRIQ0 hello . my name is barry payne on behalf of expert village . in this next section we 're going to look at the face to face negotiation . first of all some things that average people tend to do and skilled people avoid . there 's a wonderful phrase in the english language called `` generous offer '' . two words all run together as one . we 've been very generous . we 've bent over backwards to meet your needs . we 've been very fair . we 've been very open . we 've been very honest . now , suppose i 'm negotiating with you and i keep telling you how honest i am . what 's the implication ? that 's right . that you are being dishonest . now let 's look at the chart for a moment . all right , now there 's some examples of words in which we can usually avoid directly insulting the other party , but what we do n't avoid is whitewashing ourselves , making value laid statements about ourselves and putting us in a favorable light . now all this does is tends to irritate the other party . they get annoyed and irritated and that makes them less able to move in the direction we want them to move . so these terms or phrases are best avoided in negotiating . they tend to occur actually when we 're confronting deadlock or a problem that we ca n't solve . but we seem to appeal to the other side to tell that that we 're trying as hard as we can . that may sound logical , but people do n't receive it that way . all it does is annoy them . and if it happens too much you 'll see what happens in the next unit .
5bdOK7TM9o0 alright , now i 'm going to show you how to do a rolling cat . we 're doing a lot of spinal flexion in a rolling cat . you 're going to go between a dog hip and a cat hip , if you 're familiar with yoga . a cat hip is rounded , arching the back , and the opposite would be arching the back , the opposite direction , with the tail out . so , those are your two focal points for the center . and , when you move to the side , you 're going to drop an elbow , and then roll it up . one shoulder is going to lead the whole way . so , one shoulder up , one shoulder down , bending the elbow , and lift . remember to relax your head through this , feel as though it 's a big , big stretch , rounding , arching up to the top and bringing your ribs over to the side , as you lower the chest , and bring it up through . if you were to imagine that your body is in a tube , make sure you touch the top of your spine in the tube , bring your shoulders over , and touch the rib to one side , drop it until you touch the bottom , and lift to the other . make it a slow fluid transition and relax your head through it . so there is your rolling cat .
ebnQVZnaXpA hi , this is eileen dey , on behalf of expert village , and in this segment we 'll talk about some of the buddhist schools ; the traditions that came out of what occurred in northern india , oh , so many years ago . following buddha 's life , the school , the ideas that developed around him were referred to as theravada or lesser vehicle , in that one was able to work upon themselves for the purpose of attaining nirvana , enlightenment , and therefore ; helping oneself achieve liberation from samsara . as time went on , and as buddhism spread out across asia out of the south , there developed the vajayana school ; the greater vehicle , so that not only would you achieve enlightenment for self , you would do it to help humanity . the third school , vajrayana , is unique to tibet . it combined with the native traditions and religions there , and became very ritualized and specific to that culture . in this next segment , we 'll talk about the bodhisattva path in buddhism .
BmzVCdCJFvI this atemi or striking technique we 'll do from a single side wrist grab , katati tori , and we 're going to strike just on the meaty part of the forearm right up here near the front . my goal with this atemi is to get the wrist off . this is a great technique for example if you 're against a very large or very strong attacker where you 're trying to work technique and they 're flowing with you basically bleeding the energy out of your technique . i 'm simply going to roll this hand just slightly it will allow me to tee that point up . i 'm going to come up in a small motion and i 'm going to drop down . whenever we do our atemi we 're not going to strike and pull off we want to drop energy into that point so as i strike into the arm it 's going to be a sticky energy . if i stay there for a while allows me to transfer a great deal of energy into that point , into that target area . so i roll my hand here i 'm going to come up , my striking device for this point is just the side of my wrist here . as i do that it drops his head forward ok ? my ultimate goal is to get the hand broke free so let 's do that one more time i 'm going to roll this here come up , nice small motion , boom , off we go . that is an atemi , a striking technique for the same side wrist grab .
c9IiNEymXCI kevin lindenmuth : this is kevin lindenmuth for expert village talking about distribution for you independent film or documentary . a very important thing you should do before you even start sending out your feature , your documentary , even your short , for reviews , distribution , all the people to see . as soon as you 're done with the edited final cut of the program , you have to send it in to get copyrighted . and this is a relatively simple thing to do . i mean , a lot of people think it 's more complicated than what it is . just go to the library of congress on the internet , you want to print out a form . it 's a form pa and that 's for programs . and it 's like a two page form , it 's very self explanatory and they even give you instructions how to fill it out . but , basically it 's -- you 'll get a certificate of registration . once you send it in , you have to pay like thirty dollars , and then you get your certificate signed by the copyright office , you know , three or four months later . but it 's good and it 's registered from the date that you fill out the application . so , if you fill it out , put the date , send in the check , just consider that thing copyrighted from that point . so , i would n't wait the three months to send something out , but just make sure you send the form , fill it out , and pay $ 30 and that way , it 's copyrighted to you . if any issues come up , then you have that . it 's a very important thing . 'cause if it 's not copyrighted , basically , in theory , anybody could take your program , do whatever they want with it because it 's not copywritten to you . it 's just a very important thing .
4KFB62aZFqk on behalf of expertvillage.com my name is ray boone and i run the ray boone golf academy at the beautiful miami beach golf club . today i 'd like to present to you the topic of the over the top golf swing . i 'd like to talk to you about one more aspect that you see in all good players . you 'll see them all in balance as they swing rate rhythm , again they 're relaxed and they setup with a good foundation of the legs . so what that means is we want to get in a more athletic position that you would see other players play sports . the tennis player is in that position , they 're athletic , they 're balanced , their knees are flexed okay , they have a low center of gravity . we would like that position to play golf from . so when we setup we 're bending over from the hips , but we want to get that athletic position . so you 'll feel like you 're sticking your rear out a little bit , you 'll have some flex in the knees . that 's going to give us a position to where we can move our body in either direction . i can move to the right on the back swing and i can fire through it on the forward swing . if i 'm out of balance , the feet are rolling , the legs are straightening , all these different things you see in bad golfers you 're never going to see consistency in your swing . knees flexed , butt out and you 're in good posture to swing the golf club . on behalf of expertvillage.com thanks for watching .
C7jxr_8o1Dg okay same thing . we were just on the forehand . i want to show you how to get to the side wall on the backhand side . now normally if you 're moving to your left , you want to move your left foot first , and the same rule goes for moving to your right . if you 're moving to your right , you move your right foot first . that 's almost always true . so there are exceptions to that , but on this backhand drill , what i want you to focus on is left foot , go to the wall . left foot , go to the wall . left foot , go to the wall . so this is how you can get to a ball that 's kind of far away from wherever you might be in two , in two steps . now if you 're , if you 're a little taller than i am , you might be able to cover it a lot easier . but , but the idea is i can take a big step and come over and cover , or i can take a small step and get that low ball . but i have to be able to learn to move that way and turn my shoulder at the same time , because you see i do n't just step like this and then hit with my arm . if you notice that i 'm stepping and turning , i coil my upper body , so i 'm using my upper body and my shoulder when i hit the ball . so the idea is that , what i want you to think about is step , step , step , step . so this way you can cut off any ball that your opponent hits to you that 's within your reach . otherwise , if it goes deeper , you have to learn how to deal with that , but we 'll cover that later . but this is a really good drill as you break it down into bite size pieces , step and step .
1G7WDkvSoTc in this step , we 're going to take a look at how to hold everybody 's favorite instrument -- even has a t-shirt devoted to it -- is the cowbell . now , you can have the cowbell mounted as a part of your drum setup , but also you can hold it , and that 's what we 're going to take a look at today . what you want to do -- you want to hold it down . you want to keep as much as your hand and your fingers off this part , the body , as much as possible . and the reason for that is if i hold it up here , okay , it mutes a lot of the sound that is supposed to come from the cowbell . so if you hold it from back here , you get more of the cowbell sound . so , the problem with this cowbell is that it is a cowbell that i mount onto my drum kit , so i do n't hold it and play it . and , the problem is that it 's heavy . this cowbell is extremely heavy . so , if you 're going to play a cowbell and you 're going to hold it , i would tell you to get a smaller , lightweight cowbell , just because it 's more comfortable . but that 's how you hold a cowbell . it does n't really matter , because you 're not going to be really doing anything too extravagant on the cowbell , so i hold it with the hand that i 'm most dominant with , and i just play it with my right hand -- or my left hand , i 'm sorry . and you can do the same thing . you can hold it in your left hand , and play with your right hand . so that is how you hold a cowbell .
Ejrdr0asmq8 okay folks , in this clip , we 're going to learn how to draw a dodge viper . now , i 'm going to tell you right off the bat , this is not the easiest of drawings . it 's going to be , you 're going to need to learn to visualize the space , and just overall dimensions of a car that is designed by professionals . so , first , start with the top of the car and we 're basically going to , i 'm going to do a rough outline of the entire body , just to start out . and , like i said , you 're going to learn a lot about dimensions when you 're drawing a car like this . obviously , if you are curious about learning how to draw this car , i 'm assuming that you are a fan of the car . will try my best to live up to your expectations . i 'm telling you now , drawing a car this streamline and complicated is no walk in the park . let 's start by laying some distinctive guidelines as far as wheels , particularly , are concerned . we 're going to want to draw the car coming at us , coming toward us , so these will be the two wheels that on , that are on the , what would be the right side of the car . this will end up being , obviously the hood , the top , and then the back . we 'll draw even a little definition back here as we go on . so now that we have all that down , let 's start by drawing in the headlights . almost kind of look like evil eyes the way that they 're slanted like that . come in on the side and draw the same right across . now obviously , you can add more definition to this , if you desire . draw the little lights in there , if you wish . there 's that , and then we 'll come down here and we 'll draw the front , the grill area . now the real trick with drawing cars , especially cars that people recognize is there are a lot of little details that if you do n't know the car very well , are going to be hard to capture , so i would say , first of all , before you even attempt to tackle this , that i 'm , what i 'm drawing here , go out and really study this particular car . one thing it has , i 've noticed , in the front , is it 's own little ... it 's got it 's own little stylized sort of things that make it very unique , that make it it 's own unique type of vehicle . i 'll come up here and i 'm going to draw the , i , the reason i left a little bump up on the top is i wanted to give , save room for this little , truth be told , i do n't even know what it 's called officially , but it looks like a place for air to kind of stream through the car , basically make a little bit more aerodynamic . it kind of comes over the top just like that , and this is in fact , the same sort of thing right down here in the front . so , now we 're going to do the windshield . come down here , followed by the side window , and then we 'll come in and we 'll do the wheels . i 'm kind of going to try and make it so the wheels seem to be turned at an angle , and adding definition to wheels is something that would take a long time , even of itself . so i 'm not going to go into a great amount of detail , but i 'm just going to give you the rough sort of look that you 're going to want if you attempt to fill in the wheels exactly . wheels in of themselves , can get very tricky and a lot of these people who own these cars take a great deal of pride in their wheels , so make sure you really study those if you 're going to attempt this particular car . it 's very sexy , streamlined vehicle . now , at this point , just really , if you have a copy or a picture of one in front of you , i recommend really studying , at this point , and look at the , all the little details that make up the car . the little things like the spoiler in the back , any little , any things that kind of make the car stand out in your mind , stripes down the front , across the top . take the car in and really kind of get a sense of what it 's about 'cause that is where , ultimately , it will come together for you and before you know it , you 'll have your very own dodge viper .
cDgWv3bd_9M hi , i 'm rebecca guenther , with www.m5a1photography.com , and i 'm going to talk to you about how to use strobe lights in photography . now , strobes are what generally are used in studio photography ; however , they can also be used on location . it 's a great way to be able to make your shutter speed faster so that you can catch action shots , and the recharge on most strobes is fast enough that you can click , click , click , click away very quickly without having to stop in between . also , the advantage that they have over what are called hot lights or tungsten lights is that they are daylight balanced and they also do not emit heat , so you can have them on all day in the studio , and you and your model , and your entire crew do n't get as hot as you would with actual hot lights . and that is what strobes are .
3hJ6nwe0z7k in this series i 'm going to discuss the different types of amplifiers . tube amplifiers , modeling amplifiers , and solid state amplifiers . i 'm also going to discuss the different types that you would see on stage not just internally but externally . a stack verses a combo amp . i 'll go over what all the different knobs mean on the amplifiers and the onboard effects that we talked about , effects on the floor . these effects are actually built into some amplifiers such as reverb . and i 'll also tell you how to create settings on the amplifier using the equalization . the treble , the bass , and the mid so that you can get a tone that you 're looking for , whether it be an electric guitar or an acoustic guitar or hollow body guitar . each amp has its own purpose and we 'll tell you how to get the best sound out of each . i 've also got a chance to describe the different types of inputs and the different and you can use a microphone , you can use an instrument and we 'll go over all the different types on these amps .
4WycH64wvgU now on each track there 's a channel muter that allows you to know at what decibel your volume is at . so when using your channel muters it 's very important that you look at how they 're working and that they 're not distorting . you want to make sure that they do n't go when it 's red . when you play a song , you want your meters they 're all going to go up . you 're going to start hearing things and there 's going to be tracks everywhere . now , a lot of these tracks are n't going into the clipping , but see this track right here , if i turn it up a little bit more , it 's going , it might actually clip , depending on how much i turn it up . if i take like this masser thing and i turn it up just a little bit more , eventually it 's going to hit the red , and it 's going to clips . now once it clips , it 's going to stay red , it 's going to have , it 's going to be red until i actually clear . now this is what you do n't want to happen . you do n't want to have any type of distortion on your track . by hitting the clear peaks , i 'm going to get rid of this red , and now i can start again , so when i listen to something i want to keep it from going into this red , this red zone . this distortion zone , because once i record it , i ca n't really go back . it 's always going to be on my track .
ao4EesD6R44 in this clip , now that we 've loosened and got as much slack as we can in the throttle and idle cable , what you can do now , on a lot of carbs too that have a fuel line , we 'll just pull that out and then what you 'll do is start to rock the carb back and forth . ok , now that we got the carburetor off the manifold , be careful about banging up against the engine . you want to pay attention to where the choke cable went because you want to feed the choke cable out in between the bracket . there 's a bracket back there sometimes that 's guiding the fuel line and there 's a voes switch in there . this is an evo so that 's how it advances the timing . now that we 've got it lose , you just pull the cable up over and out of the top bracket , clip it out . you want to be really careful with these cables here . you can kink them . if you try to force it , what happens is usually the end of the cable is riding outside of this bracket here so it does n't really let you move the cam back to get the cable out . now , that was the throttle cable . the idle cable has a little spring insert . that 's what the pick 's good for . you just kind of pull it up in there , now you can pull that down and get that cable out . alright , now that we got the choke cable out of the way , we got the throttle and idles out of the way , there 's a vacuum hose connected to the back that goes to the voes switch and the vacuum operated pet cock . you need to disconnect that . alrighty , one carb , she 's done and we put her out of the way and start working on the rest of the manifold .
BpYDl3AO4B8 o.k . so we 're throwing a corked bottle today and the first step of throwing a corked bottle , here 's our cork here . the first step is to center the clay . now what i like to do first is get some water on my piece of clay . this makes the hands slide over it nice and easily like that . the next thing i like to do is simply push the clay down on to the bat just to make sure i have it nice and secure on there . you certainly do n't want this piece of clay moving around . so i just push down with this hand , hold it in place with this and simply push it down on to the bat . it also helps you as you begin to center . now the process of centering is drawing the clay up and pushing it back down . i 'm going to draw the clay up with these parts of my hand here , push the clay in to itself and draw it up . i 'm going to push it back down with this part of my left hand and i 'm going to be pushing it down . and i 'm going be using this part of my right hand to guide it on to center . now i 'm going to take my arm and wedge it in to my body here so that i have a nice firm surface as you can see , its not going to move on me . so here we go . pulling the clay up , now pushing it back down . you can see how this part of my hand here is pushing the clay on to center and this hand is pushing the clay down . we 're going to repeat this a few times . this is something that i 'm making look i suppose fairly easy right now . but a beginning ceramicist , it can be very challenging . but do n't let it discourage you . practice makes perfect and its important to be able to center clay before you start throwing anything . even if it goes right on to center you want to do this a few times just to put the entire lump of clay in to the center of the wheel . o.k. , so now we have it fairly well centered . you can see that my finger is running smoothly across the edge of the clay . i 'm now just going to take one of these rib tools we talked about earlier , with a right angled edge , and i 'm just going to trim any excess off the base of the centered lump of clay . o.k. , so now we have the lump of clay centered . the next part of the process in throwing our corked bottle is going to be entering the clay and opening the pot . and we 're going to do that in the next segment .
5eGEUqb-sno my name is john andraka . i am a physical therapist , and i would like to demonstrate a few non weight bearing or minimally weight bearing exercises which would be beneficial for a client that comes to our facility with a diagnosis of arthritis . we have our patient here who will be demonstrating a few of the exercises . the first one i would like to show is a straight leg raise . so straighten your leg out . i 'm going to have you tighten up this muscle here . we 're going to lift your leg up about even with the other side . we want nice slow controlled movement , up and down . this works you quadriceps muscles and your hip flexors as well . if we wanted to increase the intensity of this , we could obviously throw an ankle weight on his ankle to increase the muscle activation or the muscle force required to do the activity . o.k . let 's have you bend this leg up . next exercise is going to be a bridge . so we 'll have your feet about shoulder width apart . cross your arms across your chest and lift your hips up off the table . i 'm going to have you hold that position for about five seconds . so this exercise is working the quadriceps , the hamstrings , and the hip extensors and also we 're getting some back extensor activation as well . benefits of strengthening around the joint is to increase shock absorption capability of those muscles and , thus , taking the stress off of the joints . and mainly we 're targeting the hips and the knees with this exercise . the last exercise i 'd demonstrate is a side leg raise . so if we can have you lay on your left side , bob , we 're going to roll your hips forward and let 's bring your leg up and back and then back down . if you look at the direction of the muscle fibers , they run in this direction here so we almost want to come up and back with the exercise and then back down . so this is strengthening your hip abductors which are on the outside of your hip . and those are the three exercises that i feel are most beneficial for a patient with hip and knee arthritis . thank you very much .
CEvBaMFEbRk hello , i 'm sifu mallon with the clearwater kungfu center , this is kick-boxing . the technique that we 're going to be working is using what 's called a rear leg , high round kick . rear leg , meaning which leg is throwing the technique , and high meaning where the kick is delivered . i 'll demonstrate it for you at normal speed , and then i 'll break it down and show you some of the finer points . so i begin from my fighting position . my front foot takes a small step to the side . my rear knee and rear hip come up , thrusting forward , as my right arm counter balance is pulling back ; land . again . okay , breaking the motion down . so for my fighting position i start here . my forward foot takes a step to he side , and i bend the knee . i rock my body to the left side , as my right knee lifts and cocks . i 'm going to bend the body , and i 'm going to really throw the knee up very high . as i do this , my foot comes close to my butt , and then flexes out hinging the leg . step down , and land . now you notice that i only turn half way . so if my body facing this way , when i fire the kick , and land , i 've turned 180 degrees . some people focus on delivering the kick with a lot of power , okay . so what they 'll do is , they 'll do a swing through . so they 'll turn the foot , kick , okay , and swing all the way through . this is done so that when you kick somebody , or something , that you 're delivering maximum power into the technique . the technique should be performed both ways so that you understand both mechanics . as you 're doing this one , you want to make sure not to over hinge , or over snap your knee . and you want to be able to land , controlling your center of gravity . this is rear leg , round kick high , kick-boxing .
a06vXEuGNWQ alright the next one we 're going to cover is the unraisable arm . so eric extends his arm and he 's using , if he 's relaxed , his arm ought to move up in a natural fashion . so , however , if he uses muscular strength , ( concentrate a lot of muscle ) , yeah , he can probably hold me down , but i can start jacking my legs up , and raising his arm up through a new level , so . if obviously , if it 's too relaxed , it 's a flop arm , so . what we 're looking for is extension . it 's an imaginary 50 pound weight on the end of the hand , the weight is underside . i 'm connecting to him and i 'm trying to pick him . if you notice , i 'm actually using my legs , my elbow is staying locked . i 'm using my legs , he 's not raising and his arm is not going up , so . i 'm using some force because i 've actually got the shakes , so . try that one at home , that 's actually pretty fun and easy and you can , kids are real easy to teach on this one .
D4mgmRLwbfU you may want to go ahead as you 're stirring this with the chicken stock , you may have reduced some of the heat , so i 'm going to add just a little bit more . i 'm also going to check our potatoes , the liquid is starting to evaporate . the potatoes are three quarters of the way done . and we 'll give this another stir or two to incorporate the rest of our hot sauce . alright while we 're waiting for that to cook we 're going to take a little bit of cilantro and we 're going to use the back part of our knife that is generally the sharpest part of the knife because it was used the least . and once we 've gone over it a couple of times i 'm going to put my hand right here on the knife and chop like this . this is not only the quietest and fastest way to chop , but it will give you a much more even product at the end .
FsnkwSLmqUQ ok. now i am going to show you how to attach the clay to the bat . what we want to do is kind of get it as centered up as we can to begin with . kind of look at it and just kind of see it . you know you do n't want to fight it , so there 's no point in sticking it over here . so , you want to get it in a good spot ; kind of feel around . ok. that looks good . so , now we 're just going to take our hands like this , lift it , bam . give it a good hard push , because you want it stuck on there . now , i 'm going to let the wheel spin . i 'm going to wet down my hands . i  m going to take my elbow and i  m going to put it into my gut here . now , this is going to be the support that is going to center the pot , is between here and here . i 'm going to push with this hand down onto the clay to make sure it 's secured on the bat before i start centering . ok. now , i 've pushed the clay onto the bat . the process of centering is taking the clay from underneath and squeezing it in your hands and bringing it up , then pushing it back down . we 're going to do that now . see how it 's pushing up , square off the top . then using this part of my hand i 'm going to push it back down . then with this part of my hand i 'm going to keep it in position . so , here we go . you 're going to want to do this several times , just to get the entire lump of clay centered on the wheel . it 's not just the outside it 's the entire lump . so , you 're not just skimming the outside of this you 're actually squeezing the entire lump up through your hands . now , we can see that 's fairly good and centered . a little touch up . just kind of get your wrist , your arm in there , lock it in , just touch it like that . there we go ; you see how it 's all lined up . you just run your finger along there and you can see . it 's not going like this . it 's nice and smooth . now , i 'm going to take my rib tool with the edge on it . i 'm just going to take off the little lost ragged edge of the bottom of the pot . this will help with trimming . it 'll also help when i 'm pulling up the walls of the pot . so , now i 'm going to enter the pot and open it . we 're going to do that next .
3CSce5LuX0w okay . we are now going to finish that boat with all this heavy crew , you know , drunk and heavy , and the big fish . anyway . we 're going to use this crystal clear enamel in order to give extra protection and strength to the figurine . this is quite delicate figurine . then , i 'm going to spray a lot , and after that , we 're going to add some color . only , i 'm going to finish this with one plain color , like white , but later , you know , when it dries , you can , you know , paint the details , you know , this is fantastic piece that you can develop all your artistic skills , you know , painting all these details , and so on . it 's going to be really fun and nice , nice to see . anyway , i 'm going to spray this . this is a very flammable and toxic . then , you have to do it outside . the , you have to do it exterior , and maybe with a protective mask . okay ? after putting this crystal clear , what if , you have to , to do is to paint , you know , to add color to all the detail you can paint , the fish , you know , the face of the drunk fishermen , the boat , you can divide it in two , blue and white . you know , it 's a , well , it 's a endless project , you know , and also you can develop your , your art skills here , and it 's going to look very good .
0p3s9Bl6B50 o.k . so what we 're going to do now is we 're going to assemble our goblet . so what we want to do is just kind of remove some of this extra clay and the way you do that is , i still have some clay left on my bat here ; i 'm just going to put some rings in the clay , it 'll give me an idea of where center is . so i can just take this ; line it up with some of those rings that i just made and it should be centered , pretty close so come back a little bit and now we 're centered o.k . take a little wad of clay ; just put some little stands in there , one across from each other so you do n't knock it off center and then four total . just like that , no problem . just gently set it in there ; we 're not going to trim it that much so it does n't need to be that secure . take your large trimming tool , simply come over it like that and just get rid of that right there ; no problem , alright . there you go ; all nice and cleaned up on the bottom and ready to connect this onto this .
cIFGHrhp86c before we start the catwalk with two hands on the hips , i 'd like for you to get back in your basic - pointing your right toe , pulling it in . you 're familiar with this pose , pose # 1 , which is referred to as the basic in professional modeling . i 'd like for you to take two hands and put them on your hips , fingers relaxed , elbows pressed forward . notice that i 'm very broad at the top , my stomach muscles are pulled in . as i begin the walk , i 'm totally focused on putting one foot in front of the other . so as i walk , i 'm going to put one foot in front of the other . notice that it 's easy to walk this way because you 're more balanced . with the hands on the hip it creates an enormous amount of balance for your body , so this is probably the easiest way to walk the catwalk . maintaining one foot in front of the other , notice that the hips barely twist , barely ladies . they move just a little bit as you walk . they have to because your hands are now resting on your hip bones , but you do not wiggle . do n't wiggle , that takes away from your grace and your poise . it also takes away from your style . notice that there 's a little head turn each time i make the turn , and that creates style as well . keep the hands and the elbows pressed so that as you move forward , the arms stay still . this is the catwalk with two hands on the hips . now that you 've learned the catwalk with two hands on the hips , i 'm going to take you right into half-turns .
-7dymVZqxQs alright , i just finished gluing on my last piece of paper to my chipboard . another way to make it really smooth , smooth is take your brayer and just run it across like that . so that way you know your paper is adhered , everywhere on the back there . alright , now we want to start adding some embellishments . and i 'm just going to go to my stickers from my , my die-card stickers from my simply scrapping kit , and i 'm going to pick a couple of them . this is , of course , for my mom , so , i 'm going to put , like that , i 'm going to use this one . this one would be a good sticker for journaling . so , i 'm going to stick that one on here . i always like to have a title page and then a couple just with for pictures . and then , i 'm going to take a couple of these flowers and kind of layer them in the corner , got a couple leaves , layer this down here . this is where you just become creative . put in the colors that you like , which , or who , you like what you 're making it for , what colors they would like . so , i 'll just put a little bit on each one . because what i want to do is , i want to also leave room for my pictures . and i , i can always add more of these die-cut flowers and strips of paper , once i get my pictures on . so , that 's it , there . i 've got a little bit on each one and i 'm liking that . the next thing i 'm going to do is add my eyelets . and to do this , i 'm going to use from my tool kit , my , hole thing here . and , i 'm going to mark each one with a circle in each corner . that way , i 'm going to be assured , that all of my eyelets are going to be centered , and all three pieces will be punched in the same place .
eZM2mA1D974 hello ! my name is judy williams on behalf of expert village and today we  re talking about different ways to decorate your living room on a budget . when you  re decorating on a budget you want to also consider comfort , particularly in a room like this that  s used a great deal . so once i  ve determined my rug and then developed my color scheme , did my painting and chose my basic fabric . again , i had predetermined the pieces that i can use that i already had and then i went to auction and picked up some other pieces . i decided that are a really good investment for me was a nice leather recliner that would last . i like furniture that is a good quality , even though it  s budgeted . so what i did was purchase this nice leather recliner and i just angled this end right on my rug . you can see i  ve already placed my case goods . this has a good hard wood frame . the next thing i did was decide that i wanted to keep this chair . it  s made by fairfield , it  s very old but it  s a very well made chair , very comfortable . so i selected a fabric that gives me just a little bit more pizzazz . so i  m covering this chair with the fabric . again , you  ll see it picks up the colors from my rug and my sofa . now , i have chosen to have a professional upholster do this but it  s not difficult on chair like this to do it yourself .
d5zgFXhLZrA o.k . so for shaping vessels , i really like to use these ribs . and they 're handy because you can use the flat edge of the rib . and you can use the round edge of the rib . for rounded parts , i like to put a rounded rib inside . and use them both . what we 're going to do here , with this corked vessel is simply flatten and straighten these lines out . you may like these throwing lines . it 's personal preference . however , i 'm going to also shape the pot , slightly . so , i 'm going to show , how that 's done . it 's a matter of using my hand on the inside , in this case . and this rib , on the outside . and i 'm simply going to be pushing the clay , on to the edge of the rib . there we go . as you can see , i 've created a very nice , smooth surface here . and again , it 's personal preference . i could have made it round . so the next thing we 're going to do , is create the top lip of our covered jar . and we 're going to do that , in the next segment of this lesson .
b-8SvzArq50 hi , i 'm dr. garrett smith with expert village . the exercise we 're going to go over now , you need to be able to do a push up before you 're going to do a depth push up . now , depth push up , what we 're going to do it in is we 're just going to go deeper than a regular push up . that 's why we 're using something like these push up handles or if you know what they are , a set of parralets . basically just elevated bars above the ground so that your body can go past where the floor would regularly be . in determining how to set up the parralets , or the push up handles . you want them , typically , the distance from your elbow to the end of your middle finger . it 's a distance used a lot by gymnasts in determining how wide their parallel bars or the rings should be . so we just measure it real quick and easy , that 's why they use it , get into a normal push up position . again , body straight . and remember the whole reason for doing these is so you can go deeper . if you 're not even doing push ups all the way to the floor yet , you certainly do n't need to be doing depth push ups . the exercise looks like that . body straight . again , standard is touching the nose to the floor . we ca n't quite reach our chest , typically , to the floor in these . but we also do n't want to be chicken necking , going like this , trying to reach the floor earlier than we should . just like good posture would be when you 're standing , abs are tight , gluts are tight , coming down and pushing up . i want to add something here for those of you who do n't have dip bars , an exercise we went through in another section of this , in the pushing exercises . i was able to , simply by doing depth push ups and bench dips , two exercises that we talked about in these segments . i was able to keep my strength high enough that i was able to come in and do regular dips once i finally got the equipment . between depth push ups and bench dips you can build plenty of pushing power for dips if you do n't have the equipment . again , depth push ups , a really great extended range of motion push up .
5VkXcJblh4o robyn lyman : hi , this is robyn with expert village again . step two , what we 're going to do here is pick the right quality of paper for our drawing . now there 's a lot of different paper you can use . i 've drawn thousands of drawings on napkins . you can on any kind of paper that will hold ink , you can use . but i found the best paper for my drawings is just plain old -- paper i use for my computer to print out with -- your plain white sheet of paper , and i 've had more results with that . now , onion-skin paper holds ink really well , but it does n't work great for coloring on paper . so this here holds colored ink really well . also i have colored pencils i use , but i find that the ink works better with the pencils than the pencils on paper . because you always have to keep sharpening your pencils , and then they break and it smears off and it makes it hard . so i found that this is the best paper to use for the thing i 'm going to be using today .
2rKKuk1wNFk hi i 'm mike lopez with expert village and today we 'll be discussing artifacts from magic the gathering . now i 'm going to talk about neurok hoversail . neurok hoversail is a very important artifact . it is an artifact equipment , which means you have to play it and equip it to a creature . it is a common and neurok hoversail costs one to put into play , which means one to just put it on the board . now it would require an additional two to equip it . it 's equip cost is two so you must pay two mana to equip it to target creature . however , what this does is very special , because it gives the equipped creature flying . once again this is important because you must remember that flying creatures can only be blocked by other creatures with flying and/or creatures with reach and if you are having trouble with a person who plays a heavy flying deck then you need to make some of your creatures flying . also it works on the other side because if you know your opponent is not running a deck with flying creatures then you can put this on your creature and your creature can constantly be unblockable because your opponent does n't have flying .
3qrzHRSwDSg okay , we 're talking about weight management here folks and we 've talked about the importance of burning calories , the fact that fact that we have to burn more than we consume , the next important thing is dieting and hydration . the body needs certain essential nutrients to do what it does . it 's our job to give it what it needs . we control the course of what they make the minds on the body , you know we put it through all kinds of rigors and it needs what it needs . so we have a problem . the problem is that the food we eat , the source of this food is depleted . so let me give you an example of what i 'm talking about ; in order to get the nutritional value that we used to get from a pound of spinach back in the 1950s , we have to consume 70 pounds . can you visualize 70 pounds of spinach ? that 's a lot of spinach to eat . but to get the same value of nutritional value we used to get from 1 pound we now need to consume 70 pounds , why is that ? that 's because the source has been depleted because instead of man evolved from being gaderus to being to farming the land and farming the same land over and over and over , it ruins the soil and the nutrients are just not there . so bottom line is the nutrients are not in the food that we 're consuming and the body is in the state of starvation . so what happens is what we call cravings . the body pushes you , pushes you because it needs something that it 's not getting . so for example myself , i remember getting up in the middle of the night going to the refrigerator , i 'm driven , it 's craving . have you ever felt that you have a taste for something ? but you ca n't figure out what it is , so you try something it 's not that , you try something else it 's not that . it 's your body telling you something , it 's trying to tell you , hey this is what i need and you 're not giving it to me .
cvlSUoDBcGY gina kennedy : parsva virasana , or hero 's twist , is another pose we do based on the hero pose . so faith is going to help me demonstrate this . she 's seated in hero 's pose . her heels are slightly outside of her ankles , notice she 's seated on the block , and eventually as we get -- as our thighs open up more and more , we will be able to sit right on the floor , and not have to use the block , but that 's what these blocks are helping us do , to eventually be able to come into the poses even deeper . we 're going to take this hero 's pose into a twist . so , she 's going to place one block next to her hip and the other block behind her back . good . she 's going to inhale and lengthen up , and then she 's going to use her breath to come into a rotation , taking her left hand to the block behind her back , and her right hand to the block next to her hip . good . so with each inhalation , with each breath , with each inhale , she lengthens up , and with each exhale , she moves into the twist just a little bit deeper . the twist begins from the core , comes to the rib cage , and then the upper part of the spine is the most mobile so she 'll be able to move and twist just a little bit deeper from there . so again , she 's going to inhale , lengthen , and then , exhale move into that length that she 's found by pressing into the blocks to give her leverage , and bring the floor a little bit higher so she can twist even deeper massaging her abdominal muscles .
eRV8dJD1j5M hi i 'm bruce marshall from budapest , hungary here to show you how to dress for a formal dinner party . i 'm in the show room of hungarian designer persca bousenhousi . now ladies as you know the most important thing in any dinner is you want to be comfortable while you are eating but when you are in a formal situation , pretty much you tend to wear fabrics that are a little bit more richer in feel such as satins , silk chuntungs and nice beautiful details , covered buttons and things like that that makes the evening even more special so the dress should also reflect that . now also when you are at a formal dinner party you know the most important thing is you really want to eat so you have got to make sure that the dress will allow for you to pretty much do that so just like with this dress here , you see this button detail , even though if you eat a little bit and you get a little pouch this will allow for it . so those are the things that you want to keep into consideration when you are picking out a dress for a formal dinner .
52MbWpfvuF0 hi i am georgette rampone with expert village . today we are making pumpkin spice cupcakes with vanilla bean cream cheese icing . we are going to start by mixing the dry ingredients . we will start off by using all purpose flour . i like to sift my flour before i even measure it . if you do not sift it first , you will have an inaccurate measurement . usually the flour gets compacted and you can see it when it has been sitting in the bag so it is always nice to just sift it in a big sifter over a bowl and then measure . there we go . now my flour is nice and light . i am going to be measure 1 and 3/4 cup and the way i measure is by just scooping into the measuring cup . you want it to be level because if you have more flour your cupcake will be dry so this gives you an accurate measurement . baking is really a science it makes a big difference if you have a teaspoon extra of flour or any other ingredient or to lessen one ingredient or too little of one ingredient . i am also going to put another 3/4 cup of flour in here so it is a total of 1 and 3/4 cup of flour . now since i do not have a 3/4 cup measuring i am just going to eyeball it and that is 3/4 of a cup . as you can see there is quite a bit left over here . i originally scooped up 2 cups of flour from the sack and there is probably another cup left in here so had i measured it right out of the sack i would have a very dry cupcake . let 's just put the bowl aside here and add the other dry ingredients . first you are going to add one half teaspoon of baking soda and one half teaspoon of baking powder and one teaspoon of salt . we want to make sure that all of the salt , baking powder , and baking soda is really incorporated into the flour so that someone does not get just one bite of baking soda . you can imagine how horrible that could be . now we are going to add our raisins and our walnuts and this is a little trick that we use at the bakery is to add the raisins and the walnuts instead of at the end is to add them with the flour mixture because then they get coated with a little bit of the flour mixture and it prevents them from sinking to the bottom of the cupcakes . let 's see how that is all incorporated there .
btl9ykNAgdk that concludes my makeup how to on getting the christina aguilera retro glam look , which looks fantastic on my model erin . definitely a look for her . a good look for anyone who wants some drama , but still wants classic . this is definitely not daytime look . it 's more like a going out kind of look . christina aguilera actually rocks it to the drug store . if you see the enquirer or any of the magazines , she 's wearing her red lips and her false eyelashes everywhere she goes . you call pull it off if you feel like it . my name is jenny karl and you can see my work on my website , jennykarl.com . that 's jennykarl.com . you can see my portfolio , my resume , my videos , and you can email me any questions or comments . also , go to expertvillage.com and watch the rest of my how to videos . there 's many more to come . there 's many more in the celebrity series and i also did a high fashion series , so make sure you stay tuned to expertvillage.com and thank you for watching .
c84u7Cu3Z60 on behalf of expert village , i 'm lizbeth muller and today i 'm going to teach you how to make some cuban style picadillo . i just want it on for a little bit of time . i think it 's been on for like 10 seconds , 15 the most . turn it off and it 's going to look something like this . i do n't want it too mushy . i want it to look a little choppy . be careful with the blade . notice it 's choppy . i 'm going to go ahead and place this in my dutchie pot , my small dutchie pot . you can use any pot you want . i prefer to use my dutchie pot . place this in here first just like that . make sure you get all of it in here chopped up and ready to go . i 'm going to add my next ingredient in there . this ingredient would be tomato sauce .
dOZNG54BrCY when you  re dressing for whitewater canoeing you want to make sure you dress for the water temperature , not just for the air temperature . the air temperature can easily be 85 degrees out and the water temperature can be very cold because the water can come from snow melt or it can just come from the bottom of a reservoir where it doesn  t gain a lot of heat during the season . the way you dress for the water temperature is through layering , you know you can have sort of basic layers ; a pair of shorts , and a nice short sleeve , rasgard can be great for a nice warm day and warm water but when it gets a little cooler you might want to go for a longer rasgard or a long sleeve fleece on the top and on the bottom when it gets a little cooler you can go for a fleece as well and that can help keep you a little bit warmer . all these under layers are synthetics , so they  re going to keep you warm when they  re wet , they  re not going to be like cotton , which when it gets wet , is just going to keep you colder and keep all the water next to your skin . these are going to help wick the water away from your skin as well as give you some insulation . on top of that you want a wind and a rain layer , and this will keep most of the spray off , it won  t keep you dry , but this is a short-sleeved paddle jacket , which is nice , nice thing to put on top for a nice warm day , you might put some poly-pro on under that or maybe a little rasgard , thin rasgard , under that , but that  ll keep most of the water out and that  ll keep the wind off , on a really windy day . same thing on the bottom , if it  s a little cooler you might use a pair of , uh , paddling pants , again these are nylon , they  re going to keep most of the rain and the water off and most of the wind off , uh , but they  re not going to keep you perfectly dry . on the top , as it gets cooler you can put a long-sleeved paddle jacket on , and these have seals at the neck , so it  s a velcro seal with neoprene , a similar kind of seal at the wrist , and a shot-cord seal at the waist . going the next level up from that , you can get into a dry top or a semi-dry top and this actually has latex seals at the wrist , which are going to keep most of the water out , these are going to be almost entirely dry . this happens to be a semi-dry top which has only a neoprene seal at the neck , but you can also get these with latex seals at the neck and this has a double skirt tunnel for kayaking , not really important for canoeing , but again it  s going to give you a little more insulation around your midsection because you have a neoprene layer there , and that  s just going to give you a little more warmth for a cold day . so on a cool day make sure that you  re dressing for the water temperature , make sure you  re protecting your core , keeping your core warm , and uh , the other element here is your head , you want to keep your head warm and if you keep your core warm and you keep your head warm you  re going to stay warm and comfortable and you  re going to have a good day of paddling .
3qufJOQV8AY alright , so with my second bowl i am just playing around , seeing where it looks cool . i think , like , nestled up in the corner up here would be cool . i am just going to , you know , sneak it in there . does not have to be perfect , i mean , it is just going to be holding guacamole . so , get it up in there . maybe , just like that . press it in there . get it up in there good . now these guys are pretty neat . there you go and then just want to go back . want to go back on everything you ever make and if you see any funny stuff , just clean it up . do not expect it to clean itself . you can just make things look really nice . just put in , really pay attention to them tiny little details here . ok. then , we are ready . fire this off . fill it full of chips and dips . party time .
CCJLpb6hDAE unlike a pimple , a blackhead is not inflamed , but it 's a dark brown or black plug at the surface of the pore . i 'm jackie with how to decrease blackheads . the dark coloring is not dirt . it 's a mixture of oil and dead skin cells that have oxidized or darkened due to exposure to air . to decrease blackheads , start with hot compresses to open the pores . make a hot compress by dipping a soft cloth into very warm water and applying it to the face until it cools . wash your face with a mild soap specially formulated for oily or combination skin and follow up with an exfoliating product . rinse your face and pat dry . you can then use a blackhead removing product such as biore strips which lift the blackheads right out easily with no pain . the last step is to rinse your face with cool water to close the pores . remember , to decrease blackheads , keep your skin clean and exfoliated and use a blackhead removing strip such as biore . close your pores with cold water at the end . i 'm jackie with how to decrease blackheads . you 're looking better now .
crmhmhYv8UY so now our little fitzcarraldo has got ears . i will have my opera house . so now we will give him some arms and a tail . we are going to stuff all three of them . just remember you usually put more stuffing in them than you think you are going to need . and then we are just going to whip stitch them on . i am going to just start doing stuffing . you know when you stuff something long like this sometimes it 's helpful to use something long to get that stuffing there . so for example you could use the end of a wooden spoon . i am going to use this sharpie to just kind of poke stuffing kind of down in the bottom . you have to kind of you know sort of work it in there i mean the sharpie is actually not working that well right now . so why do n't i do this use my finger and i am just going to kind of work this little tube kind of up my finger . you really have to just kind of work from the tip down . do n't put a lot of stuffing in there in the beginning and try to get it to the bottom . you kind of have to do it sort of a little by little . so now i 've got the tip of the tail . i 'm going to grab some more . you will be amazed how much stuffing sometimes if you have never done something like this before . you will be amazed how much stuffing you can put into something . i mean you know like we are probably not going to use this whole bag but you know if we had all of the stuffing from something like this on the table you might thing there is no way all that stuffing is going into that one little sock monkey . but in fact i 've already put a lot into this . what is this ? this is the tail here . so i am just going to keep going . i am going to stuff all three of these before i whip stitch them on . but once that is done they go on the same way the ears did .
EMmarMrusMk now , we just talked about the chromatic scale , in that it 's an octave divided into twelve parts . now , each of those parts have note names , which is basically the vocabulary of western music . now , the easiest way to see that , is on a piano keyboard . c is the note -- the white key -- right before the two black keys . now , on a piano , it 's laid out very easy to see . the black keys are the sharps and the flats . the white keys are the natural notes , which means , there 's no sharp or flat attached to the letter name of that note . so , if we start from c , you would go c to d , and in between that , you would have this note here . you would have c and then c # ( sharp ) , d , d # ( sharp ) . now , it also has two names . so , if you 're going to go c , d , e , f , g , a , b , c , you only go up to g and then you 're back to a again . so again , c , d , e , f , g , a , b , c. you can call any note in between those two notes , either the sharp of the note before it , or the flat of the note after it . so , this is a c , this would be a c # ( sharp ) . or you can say , since this is a d , you could say this is a db ( flat ) , because it 's the note before the note you 're about to go to .
Cssfh2Ujyxw proper golf course etiquette is a very , very important part of the golf game . my name is jared garbett with echo farms country club , and i 'm going to teach you how to practice proper golf etiquette . before arriving at the course , you need to call ahead and make a tee time . this lets the golf course know that you 're coming , so that they do n't book somebody else in your spot . you also want to check for any specific regulations that the golf course may have , as far as dress code , wearing proper golf attire , collared shirts , pants , and what types of shoes you need to wear . making sure that you play fast whenever you get to the golf course is extremely important as well . you should never take any more than four and a half hours to play eighteen holes of golf . while you 're out on the course , you want to make sure you 're quiet while other people are hitting . you want to make sure that you never stand in front of anybody as they get ready to hit their golf shot . whenever it 's your turn to hit your shot , you need to make sure that you 're ready and you take your time when hitting the shot , but do not take any more time than you need . just being generally respectful of the people in your group , the people in front of and the people behind you , is perfect . just practice the golden rule . do unto others as you would have them do unto you . do n't hit into the group in front of you , and do n't hold up the group behind you . that 's how you practice proper golf etiquette .
Dry9388-g5M hi , my name is erica gams . i 'm here in salt lake city , utah . we are talking about myspace on the internet . and i 'm going to show you how to change your background color on your myspace profile page . now we already have a myspace profile already logged into so we 're just going to maximize that . now when you 're looking for a html color code you 'll need to search for that . so we 're going to minimize the myspace profile page and we 're going to go to the search engine . and go ahead and scroll up to the internet explorer . and then we 're going to go to google.com . and now we 'll type in html color codes . and that will bring up , bring up a bunch of websites that you can choose from so we 're just going to pick the first one here . and now as you can see there are a whole lot of colors to choose from . you can pick any one that you want and so we 'll pick this one right here . this ff66ff . now before you do that you , you will need to type in this code and here 's the code that you will need to use . you can just copy this and paste it in your about me section of your myspace editing profile page . and so we 're just going to copy and paste this into the myspace . so you 'll go to edit profile . and we 're just going to refresh the internet , o.k . now we 're going to go under the about me section and you will paste what we just copied . now here are , this is the color code right here , the b404ae . now what we 're going to do is we 're going to delete this and we 're going to copy , and paste the new color code . so then we 're going to go back onto that website and copy and paste the color code . and then . o.k . and then you 'll click on save changes after you 've entered in your code and then you can go to view my profile to view the color that you picked .
DyRUJyqutFg alexson roy : so now , what we 're going to do is we 're going to do streams , okay ? we grab the belly . we 've kind of created some blood , oxygen and all that stuff going on . so now , what we 're going to do is we 're going to give it somewhere to go , okay ? everything back to the heart , always move back up , okay ? and once again -- but this time we can go from tendon up . the problem with not really massaging the tendon is there 's not too much blood inside of the tendon . so we really , really want to focus on the part where all the blood and oxygen and fibers and all that stuff are , so . but we can start there , okay ? and then whatever 's in there , kinda bring it up towards the belly of the muscle and then bring it right up back towards the heart . so you can start in the middle if you want to , you can start on the side but just stay right along the belly of that hamstring , okay ? and then you can do maybe faster and create a little friction in there , or you can just do it slow and put pressure , or do it fast or do it slow . there you go . so the next one we 're going to focus on is -- we 're going to focus on shins , okay ? go on soccer-related issues .
eaUqGHWE_ZQ hi , i 'm judy carrier with jewels by park lane . i 'm going to talk to you about renting jewelry . and wonder why would you rent jewelry ? well maybe you have a special occasion coming up and you want to look your best , but you ca n't go out and buy something right then and there . maybe you just do n't have the cash or you want something that 's a real knockout . well check out your local newspaper , local jewelry stores or you can go on line and find someone who actually specializes in renting jewelry . what they 'll ask from you is probably your credit card because they 're going to have a deposit on the piece that you take . there 's also going to be a small fee for the amount of time that you 're using it . as long as you return it on time and undamaged , you will of course get your deposit back . you will naturally pay for the time that you used it just like renting anything else . or you could even check in to renting to own if it 's something that you really love . but this is one of getting the pieces that ca n't afford but would like to wear . and image is everything you know . so sometimes you want to make it the best impression , go all the way to the top , get the best . this is judy carrier with jewels by park lane .
0JIOoquMoas joel siegel : all right . so we 've moved that high hat lift , the downbeat high hat lift , all across the measure and piled them all in to have all four of those happening in one bar . so , what i just kind want to point out is we just did that beat that has the four -- the four lifts and the one and three , and the kick . the same way that we did the disco beat a few series back , if you looked at that , the disco beat . okay ? we can do the same thing here . we can put quarter notes in the bass drum and it 'll kind of give more maybe a slightly more recognizable sound . this is kind of just like a really driving sound , very downbeat oriented . you can kind of imagine the bass drum and like maybe some keys in the guitar , or whatever , just kind of downbeat , uh , uh , uh . and here is when i do quarter notes on the kick , all four , and all four downbeat lifts in the high hat . okay ? so this is just another point that i 'm just trying to make . you 're that close to having a very recognizable beat in your pattern -- sorry , in your palette . so just kinda keep that mind , work with that , play with that . and as we do more of these , we 're moving around eighth notes in the high hat lifts now and the kick drum and all that stuff . you really have the tools at this point to start kind of really coming up with some cool stuff on your own . work with those eighth notes in the kick drum . do some of the lifts every once and again . whatever you hear , go ahead and go for it because , at this point , mechanically , you should be fairly well set . you 're not going to be able to play it at 300 bpm , granted , but you 're one step closer to being able to play what you want to hear and that 's the whole idea .
_dmOY2H6ZPs ok. now that we have the back of our photo and all of our petals glued , we 're just going to slide that to the side and let that dry . and now we 're ready to prepare our stems . i 've chosen a green striped piece of craft paper for my stems . you can use any color you want . and , you 're going to take one of your wooden dowels . you 're going to flip the craft paper over , and with my tacky glue , i 'm just going to line the whole edge of this piece of paper and these are tricky , because they 're going to want to unravel on you , so you 're going to have to hold them very tight . lay your dowel down on that line of glue . press it down firmly . and you want to leave a little bit of a lip of the piece of paper still . we 're going to begin to roll that . so , coming under your paper , you 're just going to start to pinch that along your dowel , so it will start to turn , and you 're just going to start rolling your dowel in the paper , an edge at a time . and once you get your first edge rolled , you just want to hold that in place . and then , what i find works the best is you 're going to then take your hot glue and make a line all the way down your paper . and that 's going to allow that second layer to really adhere good . and again , just roll it back up and into that hot glue , and you 're going to allow that paper to crinkle , so it will look like a natural stem .
1PyZfKulLtI ok , now that we have the parsley seeds planted and covered . were going to water them in and we can ? t always count on rain . in the middle of tennessee here we have lots of rain here this spring but were having about four to five to six days of no rain and i want to make sure that these parsley seeds come up . so i am going to water them in really good . this insures that the germination will happen and we will have a successful crop of fresh parsley for the table . in our house we eat lots and lots of parsley . parsley goes into our pates . parsley goes into our salads . parsley goes into crackers that we make . we eat lots and lots of parsley . so we want to make sure it ? s watered in really , really good . now depending on the size of your patch . depends on how many buckets you want to pull in . ok , there we go that will do it .
CR-YuYN2oxA hi ! i 'm walt cannon . i 've been an electrician thirty two years . owner , operator of cannon electric . i 've been asked to give a few tips on being an electrician . the first thing that i would say , would be that you would go to your local jurisdiction . and find out the requirements through the bureau and labor industries . for being an electrician . they 're generally pretty informal . as far as , let you know the route to go . they will put you in touch with the correct avenues to go become an electrician . the other thing would be to study your math and be very well enunciated in math . and all scores on any test are required to be average or better . i would make sure that i 'm a good reader , good listener . specially a good listener . because the people you 're working with , the hazards that you 're working with . if you 're not very careful , it would kill you .
cbO226-QjRk hi , i 'm mark sullivan for expert village and today we 're going to teach you how to change the oil in a standard internal combustion automobile engine . okay , so the next thing we 're going to do is we 're going to position the floor jack under a frame member of the truck . okay , so now we position the jack under a frame member of the truck . there 's a couple of places we could lift this , but i 'm just going to put it right underneath a major frame part just to lift the truck . okay , so now we 're lifting the jack . now we 'll just continue lifting this . i 'm going to lift this higher than we normally would so that we can see what we 're doing .
3z6hXSbcOuI let 's talk about how to rig a sinker onto an ultra-light rod . this is going to be something that is going to be used for smelt . so we want to use a very light sinker . a lot of regulations now in states require that we use tin bismuth or some other form of something other than lead . oftentimes have minimums of one ounce or less . can not be lead . we want to take what 's called , this is called a tinker , which is a tin sinker . it 's in the shape of a globe with an open mouth here , kind of looks like a little pac man , if anybody remembers that . and what we want to do , we want to pinch that with a pair of needle nose pliers and put the line in the center of it , and then pinch it closed . make it good and tight so that it 's there . you want to put that about six to twelve inches above your swivel so that it 's not in the way of the hook . you do n't want to put your sinker too close to the hook and attract attention .
0zgDVioBL-0 next are nunchucks . your first grip is your two stick grip . nunchucks are just as effective being held together as they are swinging around . if you are familiar with filipino stick fighting , eskrima , a lot of the same strikes that you use in stick fighting can be used with these double nunchucks . especially if you are in close quarters and do n't have enough room to swing them around , full blast . you can block and strike . you can whip them out and bring them back . the first swinging technique that i teach , is the figure-8 . hold the nunchucks horizontally and completely apart . from here , you start with a natural grip holding the nunchaku slightly bent , but with the handles apart . you want to bring them up , one over the shoulder the other below the elbow . this is also a block . you can block with the sticks either to the right or the left side . from here , you use your top hand , in this case it is my left hand , to hold the stick in a middle grip . you do not want to grip it too far back because it then puts on more weight thus making it harder to swing . also , you do not want your grip too high because it is harder to control . when you first learn how to fiqure-8 , it is good to learn to grip in the middle . hold the nunchucks down and then bring them across in a figure-8 pattern . they should loop and come across the front of the body . at first this will look a little awkward , it is not that fancy , but it is basic . you must practice swing so that you miss hitting your head . eventually what you 'll learn is that as you bring the grip up higher on the nunchucks , you can then bring them in tighter . you swing them quickly and then catch them under your armpit . the way you catch nunchucks is under your armpit . as you 're swinging them , you open your arm and catch one of them underneath . it takes practice . also there is the reverse grip where you reverse and catch . the great thing about the reverse catch is that your opponent does n't know which way you are going to hit him . this catch masks it . although some people like to catch from the behind the back , i ' m not too keen on it because it leaves the entire front of your body open . i like to catch just behind the arm , off to my side . there is also the neck catch . this is a little more fancy . for some techniques you may want to use this because it allows you to switch up . also from this point , you can flip the nunchucks and grab them upside down . then you can swing the lower one only .
F9bppjW9Lg0 welcome . my name is lars-erik robinson . my company is larser arts all around art-tainment . and being in this business about fifteen years now as an illustrator , what , for me to be able to get prepared to be able to do some illustration work in my studio , basically what i do is i would just be in a relaxed mood . put on one of your favorite musics you want to listen to . if it 's an article that you know you have to illustrate from , maybe get , get a just feel for what the magazine 's all about . and research that . look into what , what they have done in the past . what 's some of the different themes that they have occurred into some of their pieces . and just maybe even , once you get into doing the technical part , just relax and , and draw all different movements . if you know you 're going to have to do a certain pose , maybe if you know you have to do a face , that 's inverted on the side , like i do a few like that and just play around with it . if you know you have to do a wave for example , i had to do a wave for a music piece . just keep doing that wave over and over again . i did a classical wave where it was like instruments on here with musical notes . and it was actually depicting a person , here dictating the , the wave . and i had him standing here on a cliff . and just get an idea of how you want everything to be laid out on there . and this is like a thumb nail stage . where you want to get idea of how you want everything to be . so doing doing thumb nails after thumb nails . and what i mean by thumb nails is taking a two by three inch , so this is about three inches this way and two inches that way . and you can have a page made up with like eight of these . all one page . and doing your different ideas of and thinking about how you want the relationship of this piece to be maybe with this one . and this piece could be a face for example . and this could be the object that you 're maybe coming at him . so you see in this comparison between the sharp and the , and the , and the round . maybe you like that , you know . and then once you 're done doing all these different thumb nail ideas , you present that to your client and , and that , go from there . and they pick , they usually pick out which ones they want you to do . and you go from there and you do three rough sketches . and like i said , how to get yourself prepared for it , just loosen up , listen to your favorite music and just get in the mood of what , and just think about how it was when you first started drawing and how you always used to lay on the side of your bed and just look down at your final piece and just admire it . so i hope that understands a little bit more of what we go through as an artist and how we get to our final stages . thank you for joining my studio today .
BzZCAiXxpjQ hi , i 'm jk dooley , and we 're talking today about chiclay reproductions . and now we 're going to talk a little bit about canvas . and just like paper there 's a number of different types of canvas that you can print on . this particular one is probably my preference . it 's a heavier duty canvas and it takes the ink really well . it 's very durable . if it creases it can get straightened out pretty easily . and it 's just a good quality product . it 's again , a personal preference . it typically comes in a roll , a large roll that you load into the printer . and you just go ahead and print on it . it just comes out of the printer , works out perfect , just like a piece of paper . so that 's one of the nice things about canvas is it 's very versatile , and it 's sturdy . that 's one of the reasons personally i prefer canvas over paper . it holds up a little better and i think it makes a nicer presentation . but it 's definitely a matter of personal preference . so that is definitely one thing to keep in mind when you 're deciding between paper and canvas . and that 's some ideas about different types of canvas and it just kind of depends on what you want to do with it .
24bTW_VsU8c another aspect of ffa is pals . pals is a group that allows the younger siblings , cousins , family or friends of members in the ffa , to participate in our organization . through this program , the older members are allowed to advise the students , the younger students , in how to raise hogs , and prepare them for their ffa career in high school . hi , my name is dominique . i do ffa for mingus pals , and i have a hampshire . these younger students tend to be active in the community , and participate in community service , ranging from cleaning up the fairgrounds , helping out at career development event days , helping at our local zeke taylor barbecue , and the christmas wrap for the mission . while raising livestock , the kids learn not only how to raise animals , but the husbandry , and the commitment it takes to do so . when i first brought home my pig ziggy , i wanted to play with it . it was so cute , because it was so little . then , when it got older , it kind of got more stubborn , so i did n't really get to play with it that much . i had to work it , more than play with it . now , i 'm at the fair , and i 'm about to auction , well i 'm about to auction it , and i 'm going to miss it . these children become better rounded , and grow into more efficient , young adults . they learn how to speak in front of crowds , and also earn confidence in the show ring , by showing their hog , steer , or market lamb .
a0FO8zy1kAU ok , now that that 's set , what we want to do is attach it right here . since i 'm working with it so wet we 're not going to need to scratch and slip it , but you will decide whether you want to or not , depending on how much you let your pieces set up before you work with them . like i said i like working with my stuff really wet . alright , so just plop it on there , see if you can see this . plop it on there , right like that . remember that this lip is floppy . you do n't want to go on there . let it kick back , that 'll just start to find it 's groove . there . i 'm not even going to do anything there . i 'm not going to press it in there . just like that . see how fun that looks ? like a snake . i 'm going to come in here , just make sure it 's connected a little bit . alright , like i said , when this stuff is wet you can really attach things like that . and that 's just too fun . watch , like this . it looks like it 's got a mohawk . crazy mohawk pot . see ? it 's awesome . now you have your little teapot from outer space with a mohawk .
2v2idDn5g6U we generally have six things that we look for if we are adopting a pig from the ironwood pig sanctuary and we feel these are six generic things that they should be provided at all times . one is , of course , shelter . one is shade . another one is plenty of water . they have to have secure fencing . security from dogs because dogs are predator animals and pigs are prey animals and many people mix them but hey have to be very careful about that . they need to be present when they are with their dogs . the other one is space . pigs , they like to amble along and have plenty of space so do n't put a pig in a small 10 x 12 pen and expect it to be a happy animal . it 's not . they are very bright and they need to have activity and they need to have activity , they get bored very easily . homing a pig in a very small place is not an acceptable way for them to live .
3hgkq8U0gfI geographic literacy is fast becoming one of the most important skills that we can give our children . as technology increases and the world continues to shrink , it becomes more and more important that our children have their map skills in hand and that they 're prepared to navigate the cultural differences in language barriers that exist with ease . unfortunately , the united states continues to lag behind the rest of the world in our geographical literacy . the associated press reported in may of 2006 , that of 510 students pulled , one third could not pinpoint louisiana . nearly half of them could n't find mississippi on a map . six in 10 could n't locate iraq . forty-seven percent could n't even find the indian subcontinent and seventy-five percent of them could not find israel on the map . these statistics demonstrate the desperate need for us americans to increase our geographical literacy . occasional maps in elementary school and one credit of geography in high school is simply not enough for our children to be able to find their neighbors on a map and to feel comfortable navigating the world that we live in . when i was in university , i put off taking the geography 101 class until my senior year , not because i was afraid that it was going to be to difficult , but because i thought that it was going to be a waste of time . this proved to be right . when i finally got around to taking the class , i used the time to address our wedding invitations , while my friend who sat next to me was taking the class for a second time and was struggling to get a ' c ' . one day after class , in frustration , she said `` how is it that you can pay no attention at all and still get an ' a ' ? '' i had two answers to that . one was we have been to a lot of the places that we were studying . at that point , we were working on north america . so i had a personal connection to the information . my dad had also played geography games with us in the back of the car and given us maps to color for fun when we were traveling . in that way , little by little , i had acquired a lot of the geography that was taught in this high school level class . while her , with her very standard public school , elementary and high school education was not prepared to pass even the most basic college level geography . this experience bears up what the statistics point out , which americans continue to fall behind in our geographical literacy , which are a very unnecessary thing and a very easy thing to fix . so , my encouragement to you as a home schooler is that with a little bit of effort and a lot of fun , your family can become very geographically literate . we believe that geography should not be a once a week or once a month subject , but that it should be a once a day subject . it need not be a 20 minute lesson , but even for two , three , or even five minutes your child should be exposed to maps , cultural information , languages and to the great outside world a little bit every day .
0CSAuZM2jAU so if your going to be walking with your dog on leash in the woods there 's a couple of different kinds of leashes you can use . one important thing you want to find out is if your in public property you going to want to know what the regulations are . there are some places that have a maximum of leash length of 6 feet and if that 's the case you want to have a leash thats approximately this long . this is actually a nifty kind of a leash , this leash actually has a collar attached right to it and i show you how this works this means you just have one piece , so you have the leash attached to the collar . you fit it on the dog like that and you can just slide the keeper close so it fits right around the dogs neck . this way if the dog is walking nicely with you the leash is comfortable and relaxed and if they we 're to pull it will actually close to fit around the size of the size of the dogs neck . so this will be a good walking leash if your walking in a place there 's a regulation about what size it has to be . if not you can give your dog a little bit more freedom by using a flexier retractable leash .
2BKgLqeuexI savasana , corpse pose , is the final pose in this series . savasana should be practiced at the end of any time you decide to do just even a small amount of yoga . it 's the part , or the place that the body puts into memory the benefits to your poses . your body learns to relax as you learn to relax your mind , as you learn to breathe . we 're going to take the time here to just invite rest , turning the palms up , ready to receive . she wants to relax the legs so they 're not working , so she 's going to let the feet fall out . if her feet are up she absolutely is working . the quads are , absolutely ; there 's some muscle contraction going on . we want to allow the body to settle into the earth completely . be able to relax the shoulders , be able to soften the lower jaw , be able to use your breath here ; having your mind think about nothing but breath . allowing the body to melt into the support of the earth , and enjoy .
b6ZncJ7ikxQ now a lot of technique goes into ring throws and it 's very different from throwing a ball or a club . first suggestion for learning how to juggle rings is find a place indoors with a high enough ceiling to practice . doing it outside can be great , but rings are usually light enough that the slightest gust of wind will take them off course . the object of your basic ring throw is to be able to see both sides of the ring as it travels past you . when it 's in one hand you can see the inside . as it travels through the other side , you see the inside over here . meaning you do n't want the ring skew outward like this . the second your ring is skewed inward like this , you 've obstructed the path of other rings . the other thing to remember is that you can cheat a little bit with angling of your wrist . while you never want the ring to be changed on this plane , you can have it changed on this plane . this can help guide the path especially for higher throws . as you see just angling the ring a little bit automatically drove the ring rather out to the side . same goes for this side . that 's your basic ring throw . once you get that down , the steps are the same as juggling with any prop . start with one , add two and then work your way up to three .
-9nBmSvp2Co okay , it is efficiently chilled , just brought it out of the refrigerator . it was in there about twenty five minutes or so . and you can pop it in the freezer if you need to , that 's okay too . you 'll see that it 's not even . we poured it in and it was smooth , and now it looks like a rough rugged terrain that you would need a four wheel drive to go over . but that 's okay . fudge is homemade , at least it should be , so that 's okay , not a big deal . i personally do n't care what my fudge looks like as long as it tastes good . it even has a little ridge right here that cracked , you know , not , did n't crack but it has a little ridge that broke off . that 's okay . tastes dearly , ooh , okay . so that 's what you look for , just nice solid fudge . again , put it in the freezer if you need to . i will say that if you want to take this with you somewhere , try to keep it in a frig . you know if you take it to the office maybe as a little dessert after your lunch , that 's a great idea . just pop it back in the frig when you get to work . because again that coconut oil is very sensitive to temperature . so , it 's perfectly congealed for me and solidified but as soon as i 'm done you know , cutting it and showing you what it looks like i 'm going to put it back in the freezer . so just keep that in mind .
DK37vKjXI40 now that we 've done the skin care , we 're going to move on to the foundation . you want your skin to look dewy and healthy , so you want to use a very , very lightweight foundation . if you have something to cover , like a pimple or a scar , use a concealer , but then still use a lightweight foundation . you do n't have to use a thick foundation all over your face unless you need it . she has beautiful skin with not much to cover at all , so i 'm just using a very sheer foundation , tinted moisturizer . make sure you pick a neutral color that is as close to your skin tone a possible . just put a light coat all over the face . again , blend , blend , blend . i 'm a big blender . you do n't want to see that you have foundation on at all . take it down the neck even as well . you want everything to just blend in . you want it to look like a second skin . i like because she does n't need a lot of foundation , i 'm using this tinted moisturizer right under the eyes as a concealer . all we need to do is to kind of even out the skin tone around the nose where there 's a little bit of redness . blend in . once you have the foundation all blended , take a nice finishing powder . again , a nice neutral tone . as close as your skin tone as possible or translucent . with a brush , lightly dust over your face and neck with a nice , nice fluffy brush . concentrate mostly on the face and not the eye area . you do n't want to put too much powder around the eye area . maybe one little dusting just to even everything out , but no powder around the eyes because that 's what kind of seeps into the creases and the wrinkles .
FVwFvdForSY hi , i 'm mike lopez with expert village and today we 'll be discussing artifacts from magic the gathering . now i 'm going to go over chromatic star . chromatic star is a very important artifact . it 's in the basic set . it 's been in the basic set for quite some time . it is an uncommon artifact and chromatic star costs one to play . now , this card is a built in response for those who wish to have a multi-colored deck that has a lot of colors in it . what this does is , that you pay one , you tap chromatic star and you sacrifice chromatic star and you get to add one manna of any color to your manna pool . once again , this is very good because it allows the people who do not have the manna they need in multi-colored decks to play cards that they have in their hand . also , as an additional ability to this card , since you do have to sacrifice it , it 's going to give you a bonus . this bonus is , when chromatic star is put into a graveyard from play , you get to draw a card . so , not only did you get to use a manna that you did n't have , or you get to change the manna that you put in your manna pool into a different color , but you also get to draw a card when this goes to the graveyard . very , very powerful card .
Do0P2JIjlLU supta padangustasana two . so you bend the right knee , take the strap to the balls of the toes , and then stretch your right leg straight up towards the sky . as the right leg extends up , go back to the curve in your lower back and create the , create a deeper curve by tipping your groins down toward the floor and getting the back of the left thigh flush with the earth . then once you have that , spin the right toes toward the right , and take the whole right leg toward the right . as the right leg opens up wide toward the right , the left hip is going to want to lift up off the floor . instead use your left foot and your left leg to ground the left thigh back down into the earth . from that you 'll be able to turn deeper inside . that leg creates a steady and even relax in the , the hips so that the hips can open more . take a few more full breaths . and with your inhalation you can use both hands to lift the right leg back up , bend the right knee and extend the right leg long . and then go to the left side .
31wCxWQRe70 i 'm going to prepare her chest for a treatment . pam 's chest -- we have the saran wrap , this is our numbing agent , so this is not a painful situation for pam , because she 's got a pretty good amount of chest hair in between her breasts . so , i 'm going to remove it , it 's taped down but you have to be very cautious not to pull that skin too tight or too fast and cause pam some discomfort . so you take little bits at a time to lift this , and then you pull it back . now , if she was really hairy , i would just do partial and then i would clean this one area with a cotton swab and then use alcohol on this and clean so , and i treat this area and i peel away as i went , the emla , and then treat as i go so she has no discomfort when we 're getting into being an hour down the road . she might not last that hour . if i was to peel that away -- 35 , 40 minutes later she 's going to start having discomfort as i work .
Fs5CtoGp4hM jason sheridan : on behalf of expert village , my name is jason sheridan for sheridan fencing academy here in new york city . today , we 'll be talking about beginning sabre fencing . we should , of course , practice cutting with our lunge . in this case , acceleration lunge , what we were working on earlier . as with the step , practice hitting just before the front foot landed . now , watch again as i start , it 'll be very slow in the beginning with the guard turning and arm getting about 75 % of the weight through its extension before i begin moving my foot . at the end , i stay in the lunge . do n't rush to come back en garde . stay in the lunge . check that you 're loose . check that your position is correct and only then recover . watch again . very loose , very easy . you could do different areas of target . and just a moment before it hits , your front foot lands . very loose recovery , very loose muscles at all times .
BlhCuryvt88 o.k . so we 're throwing a plant pot here . and we 've centered the clay . the next step is going to be entering the clay and pulling out the walls . some people like to enter their clay with their fingers . and brace a finger and actually push it in , like this . i personally like to use my thumbs . i put my hands on each side of the clay . i find the center . you can see , if you 're not on center it wiggles around . but you 're going to find a place , where it 's still . and then you 're simply going to push down , into the pot . you 're going to want to get a little bit of water in that . to reduce your friction . and you 're going to push down , so you have about half an inch . on the bottom of the pot . now this is , this is something , why you just kind of , learn . where that is . it 's a trial and error process . but once you get good at it , you 'll just be able to push down . and you 'll know , pretty much where you are . now the next step is opening the form . and we do that , with what 's called the claw . and you use your hand like this . and you put it inside the pot . and what i 'm going to be doing , is pushing down . and pulling towards me . and this is going to open the form and create the base of the pot . and so , here we go . you just pull out and down . you can see how that clay is just being forced into the position . now on a plant pot , the inside here needs to be pretty wide . because you want a nice base for the pot to sit on . so part of opening the pot is forming your inside of your pot . in this case , a plant pot . and you know , i use this finger here . as i 'm gripping to create a nice edge on the inside . and there we go . we 've now , we 've entered and opened this form . and the next part of what we 're going to do , is pulling the clay up into the walls . and then we 're going to shape the pot . and we 're going to show you that , next .
2I8fXwYq14A so in this video we 're going to be talking about the other variable that you use for scratching . so , obviously in the previous videos we 've been talking about the record , moving the record back , and manipulating the samples , specifically with the record . the other variable that you use is the crossfader , which is this thing . now what the crossfader does , if you have it set-up properly , is it turns off the record and then turns it on again . off and on . now you should start thinking about each hand is like a snare drummer . so the way someone works with their drum is there 's a series of rudiments . and what a rudiment is is it 's a combination of working with your hands . just like this , you 're going to have lots of combinations of working with the hand with the record and the hand with the crossfader . in future videos , we 're going to be getting into way more advanced combinations . but just start relating it to other instruments like the snare drum or the jazz saxophone , where you learn different series of rudiments . this is no different than any of that .
BJzECtHtXt8 hi my name is nate mccullough on behalf of expertvillage.com . in this clip we are going to talk about some of the possible problems you can have with a strut mount . this one that i have here in my hands is your typical rear suspension strut mount . there is not much that can go wrong with these it is a few mis steal casting with some rubber molding between it . rubber molding allows it to be slightly flexible . as you drive the vehicle over bumps there are some forces that the suspension takes that are not compensated for design and function of the suspension angles . this flexibility build into the strut mount would compensate for that . now over time the rubber molding on the inside just from flexing over and over again will tare apart . it could also rust the part if you live in a salt belt part of the country up here in michigan where i 'm from it is not uncommon to see these bolts rusted right off or the inside of the strut might completely rust in half . as for the rear now in the front you could have the same type of failures that you can in the rear . however , being that there is a baring build to the front strut right about here which allows the wheels to turn those barons could degrade over time some corrosion , some lack of proper lubrication would cause these barons to turn into squares and not marbles any more . that would give you a condition called memory stir . you turn the vehicle and the power steering would overcome the resistant in those back barons . however , when you let go of the steering wheel it is not going to want to turn back the center the way that in naturally does . you would actually have to drive it back to the center that is another problem that you could have which is isolated only to the front upper strut mounts or the baron place as they are called .
d1B_A3PPHxo on behalf of expert village i 'm sifu dwight woods of unified martial art academy in miami , florida and today we are going to be talking about beginners jeet kune do . alright so we would have i will have my partner work on the lead leg front kick . so same mechanics of slide up , chamber , extend , retract and back down . one more time slide up , chamber , extend and back down . so now he delivers it in real time the chamber is not going to be emphasis at all so go 1 , and 1 more and 1 more time and 1 more time . so you would see that the mechanics are essentially the same in terms of the footwork , the sliding up , the chambering , the execution of the kick and then the retraction and then the reseting . so it is not so much the technique that comes out in the end but the actual body mechanics that you are working on .
BtG-2TZ5Cnk hello , this is jb , i 'm with austin home brew supply in austin texas , and we 're discussing wine making equipment today , and right now i 'm going to discuss something that 's becoming more and more archaic every , every year , and that is how to test for levels of chlorine in water . most people do not use chlorine these days for their sanitizing agent in wine or beer making , but none the less , some people do like to use chlorine , and subsequently i want to show you a particular product that we carry called chlorine test papers . chlorine test papers , these guys here will test the level of chlorine in parts per million . so , you would simply take one of the papers out , immerse it into whatever water solution you have with chlorine in it , and then you would read your levels of chlorine in parts per million . once again this is something that we , we do n't sell a whole lot of these days , but we still would like for you to know a little bit about it just in case any of you all out there still use chlorine . this , this is a very good way of being able to test the level of chlorine that you have in your water . so , with that being said , that 's just a little bit about chlorine test papers .
BixW4GUbsKo ok. look at this hand here . if i peeped down at this hand in pot limit omaha , i would have trouble not giving away a tell . because , it 's just an excellent starting hand . it 's double paired , double suited . and , the cards work together . you could make a straight or straight flush or a royal straight with these cards . it 's king , king , queen , queen and we have we 're suited in spades and clubs . this is a great double paired hand . it 's double paired , double suited and connected . that 's awesome . here 's the thing , often you see people playing pot limit omaha thinking that if they are double paired they are in good stead . is that really true , though ? look at this hand . we 've got jacks and fours . we do have a jack of diamonds and a four of diamonds . but , so what . you 're not going to make a dominate hand ninety-nine percent of the time with that . if you flop a set of fours in omaha , let me tell you a set of fours is almost never good . you might flop a set of jacks and then you 'll be in good stead . but , you wo n't have anywhere to draw . so , if you get kings and queens suited connected great . if you get jacks and fours , i do n't care if you 're double suited fold that hand .
eJK-Ruwwyeg alright well we 're going to talk about some grains now . remember grains form the bulk of the pyramid . six to eleven servings per day is what we need depending on where you are with your weight . whether you need to minimize or go to the upper end . a serving size as i stated earlier would be a half a cup cooked or one slice of bread , one ounce of cereal , a half a cup cooked pasta . those are the serving sizes . so why do we need grains ? well grains are important because they are carbohydrates . and carbohydrates are the bodies preferred fuel . we need those for energy . it 's just like the gasoline for the human body . so the grains also provide fiber , too . fiber is good for exercising the colon and for getting rid of waste products , maintaining good elimination . but they 've got to be whole grains . the white flour products are devoid of fiber and you can see that if you look at the nutrition facts panel on packaged cereal or what not . you want to see at least two or three grams of fiber per serving . the grain group includes oats and buckwheat and millet and brown rice . i would suggest you look into some of the more exotic grains , too . for example millet , quinoa , amaranth . try them out as well . they 're very good . so we need , for the fiber i 'd like to give you a few suggestions on how to work these into your diet . i wanted to talk to you a little bit about oatmeal . i think oatmeal is a great way to start the day . i know instant oatmeal and rolled oats are very popular . but here 's something i 'd like you to try . try the irish oats . the texture is a little bit different and it 's not precooked . you have to cook it a little bit longer . for about ten minutes . but it 's a little bit more chewy . but it does n't turn to sugar as fast in your bloodstream either . so it has what we say a lower glycemic index . you put a little dried fruit in along with it if you like . here 's a suggestion for pasta . i know a lot of you are using white flour pasta . this is a whole wheat and quinoa blend . and it 's not gritty like some whole wheat spaghetti 's are . you might like this one . but you want to see , as i say , at least a couple grams of fiber in your pasta . if not you 've got to make it up with lots of vegetables and fruits . what i like to do is cook up a pot of brown rice for the week . so you have it there all week available for your meals . you can use it for a stir fry . one of my favorite things is sort of like a turkey rice hash where you have a ground turkey burger in your skillet and you saute it with some celery and onions . and then add about one cup of cooked brown rice . stir it all together and you 've got a nice one pot meal . so that 's how we get the healthy grains into our diet . you want six to eleven servings . and keep your elimination good and your energy high .
cOuKK2pnIlc hi i 'm bethany cherry with expert village when your checking a cake you do n't want to check it often of the cake will fall to check it you can just use a knife or toothpick or you can buy a cake tester at the store or it really does n't matter what you use . if the cake happens to fall in you can just flip it over and use the bottom side to frost . the cake could fall if you do n't modify the recipe for high altitudes or if you open the oven to much and cool air will cause it to fall . the timer just went off we 're going to check the cakes and i 'm going to stick this knife down in the center and it came out clean . there 's no batter on it so now we 're going to take the cake out when you cooling the cakes it 's important not to cool it on the oven . so you suppose to put them on cooling racks so that they can cool but i do n't have cooling racks so i 'm just going to use this pan turn it upside down and cool them that way .
59DZXnuesVo here you are , upset with your boss , or your spouse , or a friend . it 's something that 's been annoying you for days or weeks on end and the angry energy is building , and building , and building . what you do n't want to do is go scream in their face and you know that you 'll lose your job , you 'll lose your spouse , you 'll lose your friend , not a good idea , right ? but you need to move that energy in motion through and out of the body . so , we have in taking it lightly this wonderful special pillow that we had made and we use a bataka . at home you can use a tennis racket and your bed . do n't use your couch , not a good idea and just simply move the energy through . imagine the face of the person that you are angry and upset with and say `` i 'm angry , angry , angry , angry '' and as you do that , the energy starts moving through . maybe say all the things that you want to say that you ca n't say to their face but they need to be spoken . they need to get out of your body . the energy in motion needs to move through so it can be let go . so , that 's just one of the many ways that you can use to do that . one of my favorite ways that i use to do , i would take an old sheet . i would put it out in my backyard on the ground , over the side walk . i would get my goodwill china . you know , the plates that you spend a nickel a piece for at the goodwill store . i 'd take it out in the back and i 'd throw it down on the ground and i love the sound of that plate crashing on the cement . the reason i put that sheet down is that it was really easy to clean up , all i had to do was pull up the sides of the sheet , take it over to the garbage and dump the goodwill china . something to move the energy through . exercise is another really good way to do that . or , going to a gym if you happen to be a person who is into fighting and boxing and that sort of thing . you know , pounding at that thing that they call a body bag i guess . or , just simply running or swimming . something that moves the energy through the body . remember , emotions are energy in motion and you do n't want to take it out on the other people in your lives who really do n't deserve to have all that energy dumped on them .
3yyCYNdioNk steve caverno : hi . my name is steve caverno on behalf of expert village , and today i 'll be talking to you about playwriting basics . now , we 're going to talk about the almighty dollar and how this might factor in to influencing your creative aspirations . in this segment , we 'll look at big and small budgets . big budgets will feature lavish sets . you 'll have a costume designer for the show and maybe have pyrotechnics , things exploding , and big scenic effects . in a small theater , you probably are going to have found items , stuff you find in a thrift store or something you borrowed from another theater company . the actors will be probably supplying their own costumes , and you probably wo n't even have a costume designer . the pyrotechnics , you 'll probably have all the stuff happening offstage . if it 's something , a building supposed to explode , you might be able to do that on broadway . in a regional theater or in a community theater , you probably have to have people reacting to a large sound effect of an explosion offstage . and these are some of the ways in which budget can limit your creative output . j. m. barrie probably had a pretty good idea that he 'd be able to hoist child actors up on wires and create the illusion of them flying off to never-never land when he pitched peter pan to his producer . similarly , budget can affect what you want to put on stage . if you have the kind of budget he had and you have the kind of abilities that he had , you might consider having characters fly and writing stories about fairies and wizards and whatever you might want to write whereas if you 're dealing with the more low scale budget , you might want to consider a more realistic idea .
a6TzGdEN1fI hi , i 'm mike lopez with expert village , and today we 'll be discussing artifacts from magic the gathering . and now i 'm going to discuss demon 's horn . demon 's horn is another powerful artifact out of the 10th edition . it is an uncommon , which means it costs you 40 , 45 cents , 50 cents , at your nearest gaming store . it is an artifact which means you will be spending colorless mana , which is mana of any type . to play demon 's horn , you will tap two mana , because it costs two colorless mana , and this artifact will come into play and stay in play until dealt with . what this card does is whenever a player plays a black spell , you may gain one life . once again , this is another life giving card that you would play in a deck in where you have black and you are playing black spells , and , or , if your opponent is playing black spells , or you know your opponent is going to be playing black spells , then you would put this card in there , that way you could constantly gain life for every spell put in play either between you or between your opponent , and this gain life happens as an instant during any phase of the game .
CerG8JKzDIE in this segment i 'm going to talk about keeping your head down . well in baseball it 's not called keeping your head down although in baseball what happens sometimes is that someone will pull their head off the ball , you 've seen that and you 've heard about that . what solution , what though do they give you in baseball ? what have you heard so many times in baseball to solve moving your head ? what do they say ? watch the bat hit the ball . watch the bat hit the ball , what a beautiful thought . so that ball is coming but you 're trying to watch it , you 're trying to watch that bat hit the ball . you 're trying to watch that bat hit the ball . if you 're really buying into this and you want to try to hit a golf ball like a baseball , try to watch the club hit the ball , try to see it ! it 's very hard to see in baseball or in golf but if you 're looking down there , and you try to watch it , watch that club hit the ball , watch it ! watch that club hit the ball , watch it ! that is the way to keep your head down . we all know how many people move their head in golf as they come into the impact area . oh boy look what that does to my body but if i try to watch this club hit that ball , baseball address baseball grip , watch it hit boom ! watch it hit , boom ! that is the greatest way to keep your head down .
2_NTj_8kum0 let 's talk about your everyday panty and your sports panty . now you want your everyday panty to be made with cotton or have a cotton gusset in the crotch . cotton is the most breathable and it 's going to make you feel the best and the healthiest . it lets the moisture out and that 's what you want to do . however when you 're exercising , companies like nike have created dri-fit materials which actually not only let the moisture out but force it away from your body . that 's the best way to stay healthiest in the places you need to . when you 're doing a bra , you also want the dri-fit , you do n't want something that is going to hold in the moisture . the more moisture you have against you , your skin is not going to feel great afterwards and you might even end up with a rash . so i would suggest looking into specifically athletic underwear , bras and panties and for your everyday , cotton is your best . if it 's synthetic , you 're going to end up with some problems .
5T5SbEEosO4 alexson roy : so we did tapotement . we did warming up . we did a couple of modalities . we stole some stuff from shiatsu . so now , what we 're going to do is we 're going to do stretches . i told you do not do this and this . do n't do this . so it 's like : what can i do ? the best thing to do when you 're kinda stretching this part out is to pull out . that 's it , okay ? you want to pull away , okay ? you want to stretch and just pull away . a lot of times when i work the forearm and i do everything that i have to do , i always grab the hand and grab right below on the wrist and i just pull . that 's it . i just pull away , okay ? 'cause there 's so much jammed up in here . that 's what you want to do . that you want to just pull away and kinda like bring the muscle out of that little area just for a little bit and then relax . you 'll feel your hand come out of the socket just a little bit and relax . okay ? so that concludes our series on forearm and anything that has to do with carpal tunnel syndrome .
EYlOVr0fIjw up to now we 've been talking about the 4 club a-sync fountain pattern . now this is probably one of the most common 4 club patterns out there . if you 've seen a 4 club juggler , you probably have seen him doing something like that . another very common pattern however is the synchronous 4 club fountain . now this is exactly the same , but instead of your hand moving up with each other , as in right left , right left , hands are going to be moving at the same time . so you 're going to be throwing both , like this . some people find this as easier to learn because it feels slower , 'cause you 're only moving half as much , or half as often . but , because you have to split your vision and watch both clubs at the same time , i think it 's a little bit harder . i learn this after i learned the a-sync pattern . everybody does it their own way , so you can try and learn this one first if your sync pattern , or if your a-sync pattern is not helping out very much . so it looks something like this . you can see the clubs are moving in unison , same height , same double spin but are still going to the same hand . now this is a good pattern to learn . it 'll definitely help you out when you do more 4 club patterns . it 's pretty essential . so practice it , practice moving your hand in unison , you 'll be good to go .
3BcZGgnQ1pY i 'm going to show you how to make a rheingold . this is a wonderful , wonderful cocktail . we 're going to start off with ice which we 'll pour into a glass . then we 're going to add three ounces of gin . one..two..three , just like so and i 'm using a jigger to measure this out . you can get this at a liquor store or a bar supply store . then we 're going to put in one ounce of cointreau which is an orange liquor from france . then we 're going to add a quarter ounce of dry vermouth which you should keep refrigerated , it is a wine product and a quarter ounce of campari . yum-yum-yum . alright , we 're going to go ahead and mix that up really gently . grab a cocktail glass , otherwise known as a martini glass . put your strainer right on top and strain that into your glass . is n't that pretty ? we 're going to add a twist of orange right on top and there you have it , the rheingold . cheers !
FnZ9QGApI7w hi i 'm rick kennedy for expert village . i 'm going to give you tips on how to text message on a cell phone . we 're going to get started on doing our texting . right here we 're just showing you the possible ways you can use for texting . is the messenger use for aol and we have multi media messaging for like pictures and stuff like that we want to send to our people . and here we 're going to text messaging . your going to go in there and create a new message . also we have an inbox , and our outbox , but what we want to do is create message . so were going to press select , and we 're going about to start our message . you see that our screen is clear and this is our bottom where we put our message . right here you 'll see down at the bottom corner is for english `` a '' for english , t9 messaging , we have the symbolic messaging for our symbol simple at that . and also we have for numeric messaging at well .
a8fcfTZ3qc8 in this clip we 're going to learn how to subtract mixed numbers . now remember what mixed number is . it 's a whole number , a whole number and a fraction . many people call that a mixed fraction . that 's not the right thing . this is a mixed number because it 's made up of a whole number and fraction . so let 's subtract two mixed numbers . just like before , we 're going to need to get a common denominator . concentrate on these first . worry about the whole numbers later . common denominator here is twenty-four . three times eight is twenty-four . three times what gave me twenty-four ? eight . so whatever you do to the bottom , you do to the top . one times eight is eight . eight times three gives me twenty-four . whatever you do to the bottom , you do to the top . okay , now you can subtract . remember , you 're subtracting . eight take away three is five over twenty-four . the fraction is taken care of . do n't forget the whole numbers . two take away one is one . and the final answer is another mixed number . not a mixed fraction . there 's no such thing .
e6q1abCQOV0 jeff cook : hello , and i 'm jeff cook from all season sports , here today to talk to you about some of the latest and greatest and some of the coolest stuff for bikes on behalf of expert village . today , we 're going to be talking about suspension forks in particular for your cross country bike . this particular one here is made by one of the biggest manufacturers , fox . this is the new 08 f32 float shock here . and this particular one happens to be featured out with nitrate-coated uppers , a new stiffer and larger arch to provide more stiffness in those corners and hill climbing . we also have a full featured low-speed and high-speed compression to these that are adjustable on the fly . makes for a very lightweight , durable , strong fork for you and is an awesome upgrade to any cross country bike .
38AINTReSmQ women  s self defense and personal protection is a very complicated creation and is built up of several components . one other component that we have talked about or we 're going to talk about now is being safe in public . while a lot of peoples ' awareness is significantly higher while they are out in public i would n't say that that is a constant across all people . i would in fact think that a lot of people are n't as aware as they should be in public . when i say be safe in public it really has more to do with some of the components that we spoke about earlier . making sure that you have good personal space between you and other people , making sure that you are not surrounding yourself with complete strangers , having your head up and your eyes open . so many of the things that we have talked about previously all come into play when you are being safe in public . one essential thing i can tell you about being safe in public and that is to make sure that you are plugged into all aspects . that comes down to knowing where you are going , knowing where you have been . if you are parked in the parking garage make sure you know where you are parked , you want to be as professional and confident in your emotions in public as you possibly can . the reason for that is that predators , people who prey on women to assault , rob , or just simply to kill are n't looking for people that would offer them active resistance , they are looking for easy victims . if you carry yourself in a confident easy manner you do not present yourself as an easy target so while you are in public it is important that you stay plugged in and that is a very important part of women  s self defense .
a9y_t2bfBUE ok. in this drill , we 're going to do a volley . i 'm going to feed gary a straight forehand volley . and , then he is just going to step off the tee and volley it right back to me . so , what i wanted you to watch is how we both keep our racquets open and we under spin the ball and we maintain a rhythm where we can keep it in play . now , if he hits a really good volley and it 's too tight i 'll just restart it . but , this is a great drill . it is a very necessary shot . good shot . so , you see how gary retracts back to the tee . and , you see how i just try to open the face and get the ball back to him . so , both players benefit from this drill . oh , that 's tough . good shot . and , we can up the pace if we want . so , this is very valuable . we 're getting some good tough shots . so , this is a really good drill volley to volley . because , this is a great shot in squash . you 're going to get a loose ball , as you 've seen in some of the drills . and , you need to be able to take this volley and hit it down the wall to good length .
5kefs0tiybg what i 'm going to demonstrate right now , is the concentration bicep curl . now , you definitely do n't want the weight to be too heavy for this particular exercise . mainly , it 's called concentration bicep curls because when you bring it up you really want to concentrate on the bicep . give it a good squeeze . bring it down slowly , give it a good stretch . and , a good squeeze . now , with this particular exercise you can bring it all the way down to stretch it fully . but , still when you bring it up you do n't want to bring it all the way up . because , you do n't want the bicep to rest too much . you still want to put some tension on that . you want to do about three sets to about ten reps of these . you can also change the handle on this . you want to go ahead and you can do hammer concentration curls . this again , position that as if you 're holding a hammer . bringing it up , squeezing the bicep . and , then bringing it down and completely stretching it out . and , this is the way you do bicep concentration curls .
CRihcxVn3ho friends can say the darnedest things . how to get to know someone well . this is doctor paul , host of ask doctor paul and author of boomer girls : a boomer woman 's guide to men and dating . what i said about friends , i meant . do n't ask your friends to get to know someone well , ask the person and then watch the language , the body language . to get to know someone well requires you to ask questions , and the questions need to be open ended questions . who , what , why , where , when and how . now you do n't drill people . you do n't light the bright lights and tell them , now you will answer my questions . you 're not the gestapo . you are going to stand there and listen to what they say and watch what they say , not only listen to them , but listen at them . okay . people like to open up , especially when you ask them how they feel about something . how did you feel about that event in your life , well in psychology we do that all the time . and people open up , because they want to express their feelings . so how do you get to know someone well ? you ask them how they feel about a particular thing that occurred to them and they will open up , and then you 'll be able to understand where they 're coming from . they may tell you about their kids , they may tell you about their pets , they may tell you about their parents , they may tell you about their exes , whatever it is , when you ask them and you start nodding , smiling and do some active listening , that 's when you 're going to get the result you want . this is doctor paul , may your fantasies of today be your realities of tomorrow .
4MiH1amf9o8 all right , now in this segment , we 're going to learn how to ped a camera . ped is short for pedestal . now every tripod 's different , but with this particular one , we have our lock right here , which is just a little collar here . all you do is , flip the lock out , and this allows you to move the camera up or down , depending on what you need it to do . now , if you want a shot from a lower angle , obviously , you 'd ped it down . if you want a shot from a higher angle , you 're going to want to ped it up . and you use ped instead of tilts , because with some tilts , if you tilt down , it 's going to look like you 're looking downward on 'em . you always try to have your pedestal eye-level with the subject . now there is also a second pedestal to this camera , which is , what you do is , you bring this one all the way down . and it 's this big , thick cylinder here . and what all the ... all the lock is on this one is this red dial here . you 're going to want to make sure you got it securely , 'cause it will fall fast . and it 's another reason why you have it all the way down . so you put your shoulder on it to hold it up , to make sure it does n't fall too fast . and hold it as well . turn your dial slowly , so it does n't scare ya . and once it 's lose , you 'll hear a little ping , which will allow you to move it up and down at your leisure , whether you need it higher or lower . we 'll leave this one right here for now . now this one is actually giving us a lower vantage point for the camera , as you can see , it made the camera itself lower . nice thing about this is , if you have a shorter subject , or , you know , like i was saying , you want a good upward angle on 'em , this is going to give you low as possible .
ciKMqC7Z9qw nicole bragg : on behalf of expert village , i 'm nicole , and i 'm here to tell you about veiled chameleons . chameleons are tropical animals and they do require pretty high temperatures . now , they like their temperatures to hang around 85 to 90 degrees during the daytime , and their temperatures can drop to about mid to low 70s during the evening . now , as far as lighting goes , i provided the strip light here in back , which provides a uva and a uvb rays , and uvb is very important . a uvb is what allows the chameleon to produce vitamin d , it mimics the natural sunlight . so , what she does n't get from being out on the sun , she gets from this light . she 's able to produce the vitamin d , which allows her to absorb calcium . so , this is a very important instrument for keeping my chameleon alive in her environment here . i 've also provided this light here as a basking light . this provides more heat . the strip lights back here do n't really provide heat . they 're made only to provide sunlight . this basking light here is kept on this far side of her cage , so , she has an area where she can come if she 's cool . if she 's too cold , she can come over here and stay underneath the light . if she 's a little warm , then , she can just go over to the other side of the cage . it 's not as nearly as hot over here . these lights -- you can purchase these lights at your local pet store . they are a tight beam basking light , so , what that means is that beam -- the heat is mainly going to radiate straight down . so it allows for even in small environments such as this one , you can still provide heat on one side and cool on the other side . now , this other dome light up here is her night light . i keep my reptiles on a timer so what will happen when it hits around 7 or 7:30 , these lights here will shut off , and this light here comes on . and what this is , it 's called a moonlight lamp . it mimics natural light from the moon , it 's a very low-light bulb , but it provides the night time temperature that she needs to be able to live comfortably in her home .
E802rDA8bBw my name is abby jones and i 'm talking about the process of moving into a new space and how to make that new space efficient and functional . i 'm standing here outside my closet right now . and looking at ways to make my closet space efficient and functional . the first thing that i do when , that i did , when i looked at the space was to assess the space and see what i was working with . then i added storage . then i added , then i put in my shoes and next my hanging clothes and then i started filling up these organizational places with my other shirts . so i 've organized my pants , my skirts and my hanging shirts . so something that i have left to organize are my dresses . there are several different ways that you can organize dresses , to store dresses . i have some dresses that do n't hang well and so i folded them and put them down here on one the , bottom of these hanging shelves . and then i also have several dresses that are okay hanging that i 'm hanging back here , where there 's space for them to hang there fully . i 'm hanging , to conserve space on hangers , i 've hung all my dresses , my hanging dresses on one hanger . they 're pretty easy to get off so it 's not , it 's not terribly clunky but it does save space in your closet . and again you want to hang your dresses in a place where they can hang there fully so that 's what i have here behind this wall . the space goes all the way down to the floor , so my , so the jumpers wo n't get dirty because they 're touching anything or they wo n't get wrinkled or the ends of them wo n't get wrinkled .
58V2ouWtjYI christopher howell : hi , my name is christopher howell . i 'm speaking on behalf of expert village . i 'm going to demonstrate on how to use a pellet a.k.a . bb gun , on how to use it and maintain it . now , for everything i 'm going to show you , the safety will be on . i can assure you the barrel will be empty , there 'll be nothing in here . it 'll be totally fine . okay , this right here is your air assault , your pistol , your bb gun , whatever it is . right here , you have your sights . the sights is used for aiming . you aligning your sights up with the front of the gun when it comes to using it to aiming it at the target . and depending on how you look through your sights , it could be a little off but with most people , it 'll be just about the same . and you use it to look down the barrel again , to aim it up and you use that at a target range , you know you 'll set it up , you 'll sit there , you 'll breathe , you 'll do breathing control , do whatever is taught to you . this is christopher howell with expert village .
24TmteU4nno now we 're going to get ready to leave the slip . what you want to do is have a plan . a plan for if everything is going good and a plan in case something goes bad . there are three parts to a plan that we teach at trade winds . it 's location , orientation , and transition . first let 's do location . where are we in the marina ? in this slip we have three boats to our side , we 're near the end of a fairway , we 're going to be leaving out through the fairway to our right side , so check the wind . today we have a light wind , it 's coming from our starboard side . the tendency for the wind will be to push our boat toward the port side or to the port side of the slip , so we can take that into account . orientation is , how are we going to leave ? we definitely will back the boat out and we need to be heading right and down the fairway . you also look at how the wind will affect you . if it 's a light wind , we can transition out , that 's a t , to the middle of the fairway . if it 's a strong wind we need to have a lot of power so we have steerage . we may go out further in the fairway before turning . you need to look at all the factors that are going to affect the boat as you are leaving the dock and come up with a plan . also have a plan , so what happens if the engine dies . do you have lines available ? do you have boat hooks available that you can fend yourself off of the other boats ? come up with a plan for if everything works well , and have a plan in case something goes wrong .
dSMDmXWN41E this tubing exercise is called the frog extension . we 're really going to strengthen those legs using the inner thighs , the glutes and the hamstrings and we 're going to stabilize the rest of the body with our core . so come on down to your mat , place your tubing around the arch of your feet . you want to place your heels together and your toes out like a `` v '' . pull your shoulder blades back and down . place your head right at the base of the skull on the mat , draw the belly in . bend your knees nice and wide and then push out , squeezing your inner thighs together . and inhale as you bend your knees , exhale as you extend . inhale as you bend your knees , exhale as you extend , inhale in , exhale out . now think about anchoring back through your shoulders so that you can engage those abdominal muscles and this is a great lower body exercise , stretching and strengthening all at the same time . and you can perform about twenty of those and then give yourself a rest . that is the frog extension exercise .
DF4RFY6eQIo okay the big differences are in the different kinds of digital cameras , the different levels of digital cameras . the consumer cameras do n't have manual exposure . that means you ca n't change the speed , the shutter speed or the aperture like you want . and for some shots , this is very important . just about all cameras have an exposure level , where you can change the exposure for back lighting and forward lighting . which i 'll talk about later on . but only a prosumer camera or a professional camera will have the ability to go in and do a manual exposure . so all consumer cameras are silver or a decorative color . they have them in pink and red and blue and all that . now the prosumer level cameras , generally you can buy them in either silver or black . they normally do n't come in any other colors besides that . and the pro level cameras all come in black .
6-P00zlHTS8 hi , i 'm tim gipson and i 'm going to talk to you about how to unclog a dishwasher . now if you have some standing water in your dishwasher the first thing that you want to do is you want to look inside here and there 'll be an area that looks like an upside down basket , and typically these are held on with a couple of screws . so we want to remove these two screws and actually pull this basket up . and in most cases if there 's some debris that has built up you can just reach back in there and you can clear that debris . now if that 's the case then you 'll actually , that water will immediately drain out . now from there if you clear that debris and it 's still not draining out , then the next thing to be to look at is when you look at the drain tube from the dishwasher that goes to your outlet , which in typically if you have a disposal than it will go from there . so in that case we can use some drain clog items such as either commercial items or you can use something like a bacon soda water mixture followed up with vinegar to pour down in there . if that does not clear the clog you may have a solid clog in there and you may actually need to take a small plumber 's drain clear or a rotor reuter type of device where you actually put it down in to the line and it actually as you turn it , it feeds out and it 'll actually clear those lines . in some cases you may need to actually even go as far as replacing that drain line from your dishwasher that goes to your garbage disposal . but in most cases if we 'll just go to this basket area here and clear out the debris there , in most cases that 'll take care of your trouble with your dishwasher . so i 'm tim gipson and that 's how to troubleshoot drain problems with your dishwasher .
4WUiuErVRr4 alright , prices . with any quality product there 's kind of a range of prices you should be in . a performance atv is going to set you back , brand new , anywhere from four to eight thousand dollars is a reasonable price to expect . again , talking with the salesman to understand what it is you really need , sometimes a four thousand dollar machine will do more than enough for you , other times if you get that four thousand dollar machine and you 're expecting eight , nine thousand dollar performance out of it , it 's not the right fit , it 's not the right machine for you . and , like i 've said before , if you try to save a nickel , sometimes you end up spending a dime and nobody saves any money buying two machines versus the right one the first time . kid 's atv 's start out sometimes as low as fifteen hundred bucks , to about three , thirty five hundred dollars seems to be about the typical range for most kids , i 'd say twelve to sixteen .
4IFsFC8omXs hi , i 'm greg from expert village and today i 'm going to teach you some magic tricks that you can do around the dinner table . the electrostatic toothpick . using the same nail flicking technique as the jumping head of the match , you want to balance the toothpick on your left hand , get into position again with your right hand and just bring the matchstick underneath and when it gets close do the flick and that baby jumps . that was on purpose and if this ever happens just sit back and say , hey take the credit for it , like this is what you 're trying to do . you actually meant to get it on your shoulder and there you go . bring the other one with the nail in position underneath and when it gets close just flick and it jumps . easy as pie !
3jACslhjyzs hi everybody . i 'm john graden from the martial art teachers association and johngraden.com . how do you kick box ? i 'm a kick boxer . i love to kick box . here 's some distinction . i came up in a traditional tai kwon do school . and traditional punches and traditional kicks typically are done for form . in other words , the form and posture of the punch is what you were graded on in your exam . the form and posture of the block is what you were graded for in exams . the form and posture and lines of your kick , notice i kind of held that out there for a second ? that 's to demonstrate the lines . all of that goes out the window in kick boxing . last thing i want to do is hold my hand out there and take a picture while this guy 's trying to hit me . so one of the key distinctions between kick boxing and traditional martial arts is that the punches snap right back . some are fire punches so they come right back . just like i 've rolled up a towel , i 'm going to snap my buddy with it , it comes right back . that 's the snapping technique that you 'll see from good kick boxing . the punches snap . and here 's what 's interesting . when you start to snap your punches people fall down . it takes a lot less effort and its a lot more effective . traditional karate teaches you to thrust your punches . kick boxing is the exact opposite . your punches are going to snap . another distinction , traditional karate is going to pull the hand back to the hip . this is the ready position . the problem with that is its not really serving a defensive purpose . my heads open , my ribs are open , i 'm in trouble . so a kick boxer is going to fire that punch , he 's going to use this arm to shield . see if i open the hand it covers even more of my face . so the punches snap and the arm has only two jobs to do . its either firing or its protecting . its never just kind of hanging out . see traditional karate is going to be down here . that 's not protecting anything . i want to protect myself . so here 's a traditional reverse punch , chin up for form , shoulder down for form , locked balance hand to hip . the kick boxing punch would look like this . i 've curled my shoulders up to protect my face , i 've chunked my chin down , i 've got my all the weight tight , i 'm going to snap that punch right back . same thing with the kicks , they 're going to pop and come back . so in kick boxing we combine the punching techniques of boxing with the strong kicking techniques from martial arts . i 'm john graden . that 's kick boxing and i enjoyed the a whole bunch , thanks .
1I70ko7Kn8E my name is courtney hester on behalf of expert village and in this clip we 're going to be making some buggy chip clips . the first thing we want to do is paint our clothespins and you can paint them any color you 'd like . i 'm going to paint them blue , you wait and you do this all the way across the top and on the sides and then you 'll want to set them aside for just a few minutes . now that they 've let our clothespin dry , i 'm ready to add a decoration to this . i 'm going to add a dragonfly , this is a little prepainted wood piece i picked up at the craft store . we 're going to add this piece to the handle end of our clothespin , so i 'm going to add a dot of glue and then i 'm going to press down like that and then we 'll want to let that dry a minute . i want to make a set of these , so i 've also painted two different , two more clothespins and picked up some more insects or bug type wood pieces to add to them . now i have my set of buggy chip clips . once they 've dried , we can use them to hold chip , bags or any other kind of bags closed .
CItSk4bsNwY hi , my name is ashley charlton on behalf of expert village . i 'm going to be talking about different gift ideas for a co-worker . a good gift to give your co-worker would be actually just to buy them lunch or dinner . you could place a certificate on there desk or even a coupon , now the way you can give them this free meal would be to place a coupon on the certificate on the desk saying `` you can redeem this coupon that you like for lunch or dinner '' or you can even place a date on there and make it as much creative as you can . but make sure if you have a little crush on this person that they wo n't reject you or if they think they are coming on to anything just make sure you make it clear its just there christmas present to them . this is ashley for expert village and a free meal for your co-worker to a restaurant would be a perfect gift .
Bcu-cez8Cmw hi and welcome back . now i 'd like to show you how to operate the elliptical trainer . one of the first things to remember is that the nautilus elliptical trainer does n't have it 's not powered by a electrical power . it 's self-generating so as you move the machine and start to work it , it turns on itself and starts to generate its own power and then you can decide and work on the program that you 'd like to work on . it has many different options there 's random patterns . there 's a stroll through the park which we 'll be talking about later . there 's many different various programs to get your cardio workout . there 's several different levels that you work on and many different experiences that you can have when you 're on the elliptical trainer . one of the things that you 'll be learning is we 'll show you how to check your heart rate when you 're on the monitor . to be able to keep track of that so that you feel comfortable in what you 're doing . the machine also has some programs to do that for you so that if your heart rate is going a little bit too fast or a little too slow it will assist you and tell you how to do that and to make things easier for you . remember you use this machine you run it , do n't let it run you . have fun on it , it 's about feeling good and the wonderful energy that you will experience after you master this machine is incredible . remember when you have a cardio workout and you 're cardio fit you 'll be health for life and we 'll be right back . thank you .
d5Bwt4KOQkg pose ten of the sivananda series is crow pose , kakasana . we 're going to have resa here demonstrating it . it is an arm balance , a hand balance . and , resa does a lovely job . alright . we 're going to have you come into a squat . now , first thing you need to do is make sure your hand placement is proper . so , you 're going to bring your hands down . now , you 're going to have them about shoulder width apart and then turn the fingers . a little bit wider , resa . there you go . and , fingers just slightly turned in . now , lifting the hips up slightly bend the elbows . and , you 're making a little shelf for your knees to go on . so , place your knees on your shelf . keep the head looking up . please remember , if you 're looking down you 're going down . we 've got a pillow there for her just in case . and , she lifts the legs gently off the floor coming into beautiful crow pose . do n't hold it very long when you first start , about ten seconds . that way you can work up to about a minute holding the pose . take a nice inhale . exhale , gently release it down . perfect . drop down to your knees . and , release down into child pose . beautiful . maybe , shake out your wrists a little bit twisting the wrists a little bit going both directions . and , breathe .
FvSC4TmrXkk i still have my oil rag here , and my firearm , my revolver , and i have my storage bag here . this is kind of a little canvas bag that 's silicone impregnated . this is just what i like to keep my handguns in if i 'm going to store them for a while inside my safe . a general safety rule is , i know that i have n't used ammunition anywhere near this revolver during my cleaning process , but what i like to do is just do a final check of the firearm itself . what i 'm going to do is just i 'm going to repeat , i 'm going to open up that loading gate and i 'm going to take it to just past quarter cock and i 'm going to physically spin this cylinder . i 'm just going to , just like before , i 've passed up six chambers , i know there 's only technically six chambers , but i pass it up just to make sure that i could n't have overlooked something . then i shut the loading gate and you can see here that i 'm in quarter cock . i 'm just going to take this hammer all the way back and i 'm going to put my finger on the trigger and i 'm just going to release this slowly . you can actually put your thumb in here to kind of block , just in case it were to slip . it would n't feel that good , but it would help to block . i 'd just bring that hammer back down into the position . what i 'm going to do now is one final wipe down . this is when i try not to touch any metal parts , again with my bare hand . i 'm going to take my right hand and i 'm going to open up my handgun bag here , and i 'm just going to set it inside here with the rag . then i 'm going to pick it back up with the rag and i set it with barrel , the top of the handgun to the bottom of the bag . i 'm just going to shut the bag , i 'm going to zip it up and we 're good to go . secondly , on a safety note , most bags come with , now , a little luggage lock and i recommend always , if you 're going to have these up for a little while , put the luggage lock on even if you 're going to store it inside your safe or you 're going to store it somewhere out of reach . it 's , basically , just going to give you that one extra step of safety knowing that it 's that much harder to get into what you have . we 're going to lock that and then we 're good to go . we 're just going to go put that in the safe and we have a safe clean firearm .
2xl5jCBJCtU another way that you can conserve water when washing dishes is to actually fill one side of the sink with a small amount of water , so you have a limited amount so that you are not running the water as you are rinsing . and you can wash the exact same way you did before . or you soap up your scrubber and you wash , say for instances the cup , and then what you can do is just rinse it off in a limited amount of water . then just put it up there to dry and go on to the next one and rinse it off . because generally you really do n't need a whole lot of water to rinse . and then basically , chances are you wo n't have that many dishes to do and so you are use a very limited amount of water not only to wash but to rinse , rinse your dishes off . so that is one way to conserve water when washing your dishes .
4GcEpqBnwSU hi , i 'm jason with expertvillage.com . we 've just finished the 800 ... i 'm sorry , the 600 grit polish on the rock . now we 're going to dry it off and look at it . and you 'll notice that with each step it gets shinier and shinier and less and less scratches . so you look over it and there are no more really deep scratches . this is really close to being polished . now the next one with the 800 grit will really , really make this quite shiny . and i have a trick to cut out about five polish steps that we 'll go after we get up to that . but for now , use this same technique that we 've done for the whole thing : going over it quick , and being mindful not to take the bit in and out ... in and out . as you can see , we do n't have any deep scratches anywhere . so , we 're going to polish that up and we 'll move on to the next step after that .
BROt5CSw54w right now we 're going to do the defensive drill . this is one of my absolute favorite drills to do and to lead . now this drill works on not only quick feet , listening , and just getting in great shape , but something that we do n't even need the ball . so i 'm going to get rid of that . now what 's going to happen is , i 'm going to call all the drills that we 're supposed to do for jen and trish at the bottom of the base line . so what they 're going to do , they 're going to run out , when i yell defense , they 're going to stop where they 're at , hit the ground , get into a basic defensive position . right now we 're going to show the first part of the defensive drill in full speed . you ladies ready ? go . defense . as you can see , they called , when i just called a defense , they came out , they were nice and low , their hands were up and they were ready for my next set of instructions . so that was the first part of the defensive drill .
1s1TPdCUvhQ in this clip what we 're going to do is identify the area that we 're going to pressure wash. one of the most things is to identify where the water is going to run off , also to make sure no over spray gets any plants . we 've already removed some potting plants that were in this area so the water run off does not get to it . if your using any type of cleaners , mildew sides , there 's some organic cleaners out there now that ? s safe for the environment . you always need to identify where the water is going to go . in this area it seems like the water is going to run down . it also leads right into how to pressurize . you want to start from the top to the bottom . water is going to run downhill so it 's always beneficial to start from top to bottom okay we 've already identified the area , there 's no problems . had there been any windows that we might need to put a board or a door to make sure there 's no water seepage underneath doors . we put up a little shield around those areas , but that wo n't be important right now . once you hit dirt with a pressure washer it 's going to blast whatever you see out there . identify the area , this looks like a safe zone , we 're going to get started .
3VWb_FCGVlo this is the story of how the prince regained his throne . which is an explanation of the origin of the game , and it is a completely , historically , apocryphal account . it was written by my brother , this all in the family thing , my brother played a big part in contributing to the atmosphere of this game . so , he created this story how the prince regained his throne . and the story is that long ago there was a prince who lived in a far away realm of the kingdom and he had received word that his father , the king , had passed away . so , he went back to the castle to regain his throne . but his wicked half brother stole the march on him and beat him to the castle . so , when the prince got to the castle and began to make his way into the castle , he found himself overwhelmed by his wicked half brother 's warriors and he was banished into the wilderness , and spent many , many years in the wilderness while his wicked half brother claimed the throne and ruled for many , many years . so , as the prince wandered alone in the wilderness , he prayed to vishnu for guidance . one day , finally , vishnu appeared before him and said , `` in the age of kali , you have failed because you have failed to understand the ways of evil . kali will now appear before you to teach you how to combat evil . how to survive in your world . '' and she produced a board that had this pattern , and she produced twenty stones of warriors for each side , and the prince began to play the game of kali with kali herself . it is said that they played for three days without stopping . on the third day the prince finally won his first game and he was elated . and here the sanskrit fragment breaks off . but we 're lead to assume that from the title of the sanskrit , `` peace '' , how the prince regained his throne . that by learning to play the game of kali the prince learned the skills necessary to go back and recapture the throne .
ebBahfwv_20 now once you begin printing in the darkroom , there 's a whole world of opportunities that you can make work in . one of the first issues that i had was , `` well , how big do i need to make my photographs '' ? and i really struggled with it , because there were times where i really liked making these small 5x7 images . but then i just felt they were too small , and i could n't see the detail well enough , and then i wanted to go on and start making 8x10 images . and then there came a point where i wanted to make even larger images , so this is 2 1/4 negative on 11x14 paper . and then i went 16x20 , and then i started to not have very much money after a while . the higher you go up in paper size , the more expensive it 's going to get between even your paper and how much chemistry you use . so , luckily i put the brakes on it pretty quickly , and i have a couple of different methods for deciding what size a print should be that i 'm going to go over with you .
CzstrpOTtgo athena reich : in this clip , i 'm going to talk about sustainability , how to not burn out . auditioning , no one said it 's easy and no one said it 's going to be fun every day . sure , sometimes you get that little adrenaline thrill after an audition but honestly , nobody gets every audition that they go to . it 's just so competitive , there 's so much talent , and you 're just not going to be fit right . first of all , no , that they do n't always take the best auditioner ; they take the person who fits the role the best , who everyone on the panel can agree on . so , you might have two out of five people thinking you 're the best and then but there 's two other people who love someone else . so , it 's really not -- you ca n't take it personally . so , you ca n't burn out . get a good support system around you , a good support network of friends , try and live in a moment and do it because you love it . do n't expect too much . think of this as a really long-term process and just do whatever you can to keep it sustainable and do it long-term . do n't give up .
3LpTpsbfQZg in this clip we 're going to talk about the proper way to remove and replace an electronic cooling fan . in this step we 're going to talk about the proper service procedure for removing our mounting bolts from the electronic cooling fan to the radiator . what i have here is a ten millimeter socket , and my three eighths drive ratchet , aim right down here . right there is a mounting bolt . most electronic cooling fans have four of them . they 're lefty loosey , righty tighty , you want to be careful when removing and installing them because they do screw into the plastic of the radiator . we 're going to continue unscrewing it with our ratchet , the upper ones are always a piece of cake to get at once you have the necessary components out of the way . however , the lower bolts may be a little more difficult , just due to the room constraints inherent in a front wheel drive vehicle . once you got a finger tight , go ahead and remove the mounting bolt and place it in your magnetic tray for later re-installation . now down here is one of the lower bolts you can go ahead and begin removing it . it may be necessary to get access to this bolt from the underneath , on most vehicles if you have the right tool set up you can get at it from the top . we 're going to continue unscrewing the bolt until it 's finger tight , and then continue unscrewing it by hand and remove it . you 're going to want to put the finishing touches on it by hand , just to make sure that you do n't drop the bolt . there are a lot of cracks and crevices on the vehicle that a bolt can hide in , and you do n't want to have to run to the hardware store or walk to get a replacement bolt . alright , and there 's the lower one . you 're going to have two more on the other side of your electronic cooling fan . you 're going to want to go ahead and repeat that procedure for the bolts on the other side . that is the proper way to remove the electronic cooling fan mounting bolts .
eKJ0cdlmwSs christina 's been doing wonderful and we broke the skin on the other eyebrow , we have that numbing agent in place now . now i 'm going to go proceed on this other brow to break the skin and i 'm going to start the stapling process , like i was doing before . i taut that skin real tight and then i staple the machine . just lightly , i call , dotting color into the skin . but this topical , it does n't seem to last long enough to achieve this job , but it helps a lot . now i have it pivoted off of her forehead in case she was to jerk on me , i would n't have this machine going where i do n't want it to go . so , i pull the skin tight , i 'm stapling this color in because we going to give her a nice soft looking eyebrow , and i follow the natural pattern of her brow . just lightly tapping just enough to get the skin open so i can put that compound in and let her sit for another five minutes and then she 'll be ready to go . she 'll be really happy because she 's going to have no discomfort and a beautiful soft powdered brow .
1eA1cI1yI7w in this clip , we 're going to talk about the proper way to remove and replace worn front brake hoses on a nineteen ninety-one ford explorer . in this step , we 're going to talk about types of brake fluid and the proper way to fill your vehicles master cylinder . what you 're looking at here , this is dot-3 . that 's department of transportation spec level 3. they also have four and five , you 're going to want to refer to your vehicles owner 's manual for the particular fluid recommended by the manufacturer . dot-3 is the most common and it is recommended by ford for the ninety-one explorer . this is your vehicles master cylinder . it will have a level on it for minimum and maximum fills . you can see this line right here , it says max . that 's as full as they want it . if you 're done bleeding the brakes , the fluid level in a master cylinder is going to be relatively depleted . which , will sink the sensor and turn on your red brake light . you want to make sure to top off your master cylinder after you bleed your brakes . go ahead and take and fill it up . it is possible for these floats to get stuck . so , you 're going to want to keep an eye on it and make sure that it comes up to the appropriate level . if it 's not moving , tap the side of it and your float will come up for you . as you can see , the float came up right there . that is the level sensor . can you see that ? see how it comes up ? that triggers the system , it will turn the red brake light on if your fluid level is low . right there , is plenty of fluid . let me go ahead and take and put my master cylinder cap back on . that is the different types of brake fluid and the proper way to fill your master cylinder .
1XMJJ7B4Vjo hi my name 's michelle and i 'm a dental assistant with solutionz and i 'm going to explain to you on how to gargle with mouth rinse . pretty much what you want to do initially is get the mouth rinse , read the directions on the back to figure out as far as the measurements on how much you should rinse with . and then pretty much follow the directions . so in this case we are going to pour half a cap full of the rinse . you 're going to place it in your mouth . swiss it around to get it started and then tilt your head back and force air through your throat which in return will cause the gargling effect . ok here i go . and once again my name 's michelle and i just showed you how to use mouth rinse to gargle .
CezAiMXhSR0 let 's go over the ingredients that we 're going to need for this dish . i 'm going to use a chicken breast . i 'm going to use a very thin piece of chicken and that is because when we broil it ; since we 're going to sautee it , it 's going to take a very short amount of time to cook it up . we 're going to be topping it with some fresh basil . so , we 'll have some leaves here . we 'll cut off the ends and chop that up . this is some thyme , and again i 'm going to use fresh thyme , and we 're going ; that 's going to go into our mustard sauce . we 're going to need some spinach . we 're also going to de-stem this and we 're going to blanch it . we 're going to cook it for about a minute and then we 're going to drain it and try to get most of the water out of it and then we 're going to add that to our mashed potatoes . we 're going to top our chicken with a little bit of goat cheese . we 're going to be needing some butter for our mashed potatoes and also to make our mustard sauce . we 're going to use some zucchini . we 're also going to peel and slice a carrot . we 're going to juice a lemon . that is also going to go into our mustard sauce . we 're just going to cut that in half and juice it up . we 're going to have a red onion . that 's going to be in our roasted vegetables , a white onion ; that 's going to be in our mustard sauce . some potatoes , a tomato , a green pepper , a red pepper , some asparagus , some oil , salt and pepper , some milk and some dijon .
bwnfdMdvWFQ hi my name is mary thinnes and i am a skin care expert . now i am going to discuss with you dehydrated skin and how to properly treat dehydrated skin . do n't get confused because dehydrated skin is different from dry skin . dry skin is actually a skin type and dehydrated skin is a condition . dry skin is lacking in oil and dehydrated skin is lacking in water . not only does it have to do with properly hydrating your body with water just because someone drinks more water does not mean that their skin is going to actually be hydrated like they want to and have that healthy skin glow but you have to properly treat your skin as well . with dehydrated skin you want to definitely do proper home care treatments , your masks on a bi-weekly basis , you want to break down your papayas to break down those dead skin cells because you do n't want to get that surface build up but at the same time with dehydrated skin moisturizing is the most important step for them as well . you definitely want to use more products with pure hyaluronic acid in it for more mature skin use the moisturizers that have the antioxidants in them and your vitamins in there . also your vitamin c serum , the specialty product i mentioned before is going to help with dehydrated skin to help tighten , brighten and lighten the skin . as far as that goes that is the way to properly treat dehydrated skin .
C5AGpfOfqfo now we 're going to take a look at our next four measures . measures five through eight . so have a g flat major right , so we got to go to g flat . we have d , e , f sharp , g. and we got to go down a notch to g flat . and actually this is the same note as f sharp major . so this is our reality at three major , even though it 's really rather confusing . some fake books would do that , but we 're just going to rewrite it as an f sharp major . and that is our three major , and now we can just walk a three major chord over that and then our next chord is a , so d , e , f , g , a. there 's our five minor chord . and d seven , this is a one-seven . so , we have our three to our five to our one . very , very simple . so now if we take a look at the keyboard , all right , here 's one , two , three , so three , five , one , four . and it 's going to lead to four in our next measure , so now we can do our latin bass , right . three , five , one , and you hear how that wants to lead into the four , and we 'll go over that in just a minute .
eRyfXbQC244 i do n't have a sample of mdf i can tell you about it . mdf is sawdusting glue that is put together in a vac and it is injected into a mold . they send it out into mold shape . i do n't use mdf cause it tears up my saw . it is very difficult on the saw , it does not do well in cutting or mounting . it is something that is rather inexpensive , you get what you pay for . it is something that i chose not to carry . this is a plastic frame you have to be very delicate with it , it would break you just looking long at it . if you bang it it would chip off and break . when putting it together in the back , when we put our points in there to hold everything in it and tends to chip out and break there . it is not something that i suggest unfortunately we can not all afford real framing . so if that is all you can afford that is what you got that is what you have to do . eventually you can move up and the cool things about a plastic frame is that you can add something to it later to dress it up . so you can take it to the frame shop and have another frame made to go over the top of it and dress it up pretty . no one would every know that was a piece of plastic underneath there and no one needs to know .
Fyfpy_WNdkA do you have a filling that recently fell out of your mouth ? well , my name 's michelle and i 'm dental assistant with solutionz and i 'm going to explain to you on how to temporarily replace a tooth filling . one of the great ways on how to do so is you might want to go to the pharmacy they have different type of products that you can replace a temporary tooth filling as far as like a fix a dent material or an actual temporary filling material . you would just want to buy the product , place it in your mouth or on your tooth where the filling fell out , press down on it to put pressure and make sure the temporary filling material stays in there . what you 're going to want to do then is going to want to bite down on your back teeth to therefore the material will form to your bite and your wo n't be hitting on it constantly . but mainly right afterwards you need to go see your general dentists so therefore he would be able to permanently replace it for you . but those are just a few forms and methods an how you can replace a temporary tooth filling .
3iIjMLAa3Zg o'kay now that we have worked around to our second corner , you can see our seam on the outside and we are really getting a nice bit of space in there . this is like i say just like a cell phone pocket or if you have like a change purse you just want to throw it in there it is a nice little space . when we get to the top you want to make sure that you do n't go all the way to the edge so we are just going to do a few more stitches and if you wanted to you could add a border prior to the granny square and that would give you a little more space as well . you can add another chain on top of the seam here on the outside but i just wanted a cell phone pocket so that 's all we are going to do for now . there we go and you are going to cut this off like you would anything else but you want this part to be tight because we are going to be going in and out of here you do n't want this to unravel and come undone . we are going to pull that tight right there and really check it and get it to go through there and even it out and we will get it one last time and there we go we have our nice little pocket to where you can just throw something in there and you have a little bit of space and you do n't have to dig all the way to the bottom of the bag and when your cell phone goes off just say oh there it is , easy access , nice little pocket , something really easy to add to your bag just to make it more detailed and it will be more fun and easy to use .
Do03bwXWZQs your colon or your large intestine is the last portion of your digestive tract . it is here and basically when you eat , it enters through your mouth and goes down your esophagus to your stomach and your stomach , there are all of these digestive juices and hydrochloric acid which helps break down your food . from there it is transferred to your small intestine and there is about 19 feet of your small intestine where the majority of the digestive process happens . when you start to absorb your carbohydrates , fats , proteins , your vitamins , minerals and once that is done it is dumped into the large intestine or colon and it is then waste . so your muscles in your colon push out bowel movements and then makes room for more of the digested matter which is now waste from your small intestine to your large intestine to go in through your ileocecal valve so it is constantly moving , you are always digesting . it 's an involuntary process .
E49_z3rxp_A michael raines , expert village . well , our disposal is in . now we 've got to attach the drains , and the pipe coming from our dishwasher . so , i conveniently stuck it inside the drain here because it was leaking earlier . so , this is going to come back up and attach to our disposal right here again . now , you notice there is not hose clamp on there , that 's because it has a little ridges in here and it holds the tube in really well . as you remember from how much difficult it was to get it off . so now that 's attached . now , we have our drain here as you can see it is pretty loose . you know after years and years of use the plastic shrinks a little . so , i bet you even this , yea see it comes loose . so , you just want to cinch it down and tighten that up make sure we do n't have any leaks . this is probably loose too , yea that one 's loose . okay , scoop that up we finish tightening this one . now you do n't want to make this one more than hand tight . its real thin plastic , and you just going to snap it off , if you put a wrench on it . so , all we 're going to do is hand tight , and if leaks then we have to replace the gasket , or one of these little angular washers . so , that one is tight , that 's tight , that 's tight , that one is tight . it looks pretty good as far as i can tell . no , real leaking on the elbow here , because there 's always water inside this elbow . why ? because , if it was n't for this elbow this pipe coming straight from the sewer up in into your sink would give you some awfully nasty smells . so , this is a stink trap basically , it has water in here to keep the air from coming back and smelling really nasty from your sewer . that 's the whole point of this . it 's not to catch any sediments , its not to catch any jewelry , its all wife 's tale . its to keep the stink from the sewer coming back in your pipes .
FGRuEn1-V4U hi , this is jon on behalf of expert village . in this video clip we 'll planing end grain . now if you have a project or component of your project where you have end grain that needs to be plane on the block plane is probably the best tool to use for this . now if i were just to come in here with my block plane and just start planing i would blow out this end of my project and it would just chip off and splinter and it would look real bad . what we 're going to do is we 're going to use our block plane and we 're going to plane this way about to where we reach half way point and then we 're going to come around the other side and plane the other way . this is going to ensure that we do n't blow out the end of our project . now planing end grains can be a bit more time consuming and a bit more aggravating but if you take your time you will get a real nice end result .
aUvJfBrBw08 matsyasana , fish . we 're going to do a variation to or modification to fish . so we 're going to begin with lying on her back . i 'm going to actually going to ask jennifer to sit up . we 're going to take the block between her shoulder blades . so we want to have the block up , so that , if you remember that , that support or the bend is in the thoracic part of the spine . so it 's not going to be lower and it 's not going to be too high . but it 's going to go right between her shoulder blades and it 's going to create that same curve when she goes to lay back . and then the support of the earth to her head . she 's going to go ahead and extend her legs to the earth , to the earth . okay . so if someone have ever stored a fish pose but it 's opening up the chest cavity , it 's opening up the inner custom muscles to help create more space for the lungs to expand . and the new variation is going to ask her to inhale both arms up to the sky , connecting the palms and releasing the fingers and extending just the first finger . and then reach overhead . so she is getting a nice stretch , legs are active , she 's reaching through the balls of her feet , she 's strongly reaching through her first fingers . but the shoulder blades , if we could flip her upside down , you would see the shoulder blades gliding down away from her ears . again , balancing and activating the thyroids and para-thyroids . just a wonderful pose to rest and enjoy in .
ETB6RvkszJE okay everybody ; it 's time to put on those dancer legs . i 'm carol ann , with studio group x , and i 'm going to show you how to do a plie squat using a weight plate , so grab a plate that 's pretty heavy . your legs are large muscle groups so they can handle a lot of weight , so maybe a ten pound plate or a fifteen pound plate will be enough . what you 're going to do is you 're going to come into a wide stance , and your toes and your knees are turned out , and you want to think about your tailbone going straight down to the floor . and hug that plate in as tight as you can , and you 're just going to come down and up . when you come up squeeze those glutes . down and up . think about your posture . your head , neck , and spine is in alignment . your abdominals are in nice and tight . inhale as you go down ; exhale as you push up . now , if you feel like your knees are shooting beyond your toes separate those legs a little bit more . make sure those knees stay behind those toes . you can even hold it down and do little pulses , and really feel that burn right there in that booty . and those legs are going to be nice and shapely . and then just come right up out of that . you can do that exercise for about four to five minutes , and in no time at all you 're going to have those dancer legs . i 'm carol ann , with studio group x. plie everybody .
1FGZO3MoD0s hi , i 'm mandy butler on behalf of expert village . i 'm going to take you through a gymnastics class stretch and warm-up . now i 'm going to stretch my hip flexors . again , when you 're jumping or tumbling you could easily pull any muscle , especially in your legs . so , you really want to stretch them out . now , what i 've done is gotten up on my knees from my other stretches and i 've put one leg forward . when i stretch my hip flexor it 's extremely important that i keep my knee just over my ankle . if i push too forward and get over my toes i 'm putting a lot of undue stress on my knee joints . so , i want to keep my shin nice and straight . i 'm going to push forward , ever so slightly , until i feel that stretch right here in this leg and then here in my back leg . i 'm going to keep my chest nice and forward because we do n't want to hunch over and i 'm going to hold that , again , for at least 20 seconds . when i 'm done , i 'm going to pull this leg back and i 'm going to switch and repeat with the other leg . my hands are on my knee to keep my chest up . you can put your hands on your hips , but , i find when a lot of people do that , they hunch forward . so , put your hands on your knee , do n't lean forward , and stretch .
bDcAsL-rwz0 hi , i 'm james dix from reptile rescue service in salt lake city , utah . this is a little terrarium set up for like you can do for a desert tortoise or an african spur-thighed , which is an african desert tortoise . we have a mixture of sand in here , we have some rocks to climb on to help promote stimulation for appetite , we have heat lamps and we also have a strip light up here that stimulates uvb rays , very critical with these guys . these run ten hours a day , everyday , seven days a week with the lights . we have live cactus 's in here so in between the feeding of vegetables , they can also eat some live cactus , like they would in the wild . also , they climb over these rocks and that helps them exercise and also not get obese from just sitting there and having food put in . it 's very important , with tortoises , that you stimulate their appetite , if you always put food in a dish , like this here , and they know everyday at a certain time that it 's going to be there , they get lazy , so a lot of times you have to take and skip a day , or two , with no food and make the turtle roam around and exercise , or the tortoise , as he climbs over the rocks and this , this helps him exercise and lose weight and also it stimulates his appetite so that he will always eat good and be healthy for you . very important that you have a set up light then .
dojAV9JNPK4 o.k. , now that we 've made a loop on the end of the memory wire with the plier cutters ; we 're going to bead . you can pick them up with your fingers and put one on individually like this , or you can hold it and take it down ; pick it up like a needle and you just keep going until you 're at the end of your bracelet . and by the time you get to the other end with all the beads on it , you do the same thing you did in the beginning which is make a hoop on the end the same way . and that 's how you make a memory wire bracelet .
e0kNnk7zgbs hi , i 'm frank pope of fbi guitars and i 'm here on behalf of expert village to talk about how to build your own guitar . now i 'm going to talk to you a little bit about how to choose the type of wood you are going to use for your guitar . there are 4 basic types of wood that are used in the construction of guitars . we 're going to talk mostly about electric guitars because if you are watching this website then it 's probably the first one you 've built and definitely an electric guitar is going to be easier to build than an accoustic guitar . when you think about the woods you use in building guitars , mahagony is the most commonly used of the 4 that we 're going to talk about . the back of this neck is made of mahagony . the benefits of mahagony are ; if you use them for the body or at least the main part of the body , they provide a warm sound through an electric guitar . they also do the same for an accoustic guitar . they are easily workable , meaning that you can shape them with sanders fairly easily to shape the curves . you do n't have to have really hard cutting tools , you can actually shape them by hand using sanding blocks and chisels . and they maintain the shape , in other words , they do n't change over time , they 're mostly immune to moisture or any affect from humidity . so most commonly used material to make a neck . i recommend it for you to start with . the other types of wood are alder . alder is used in guitars such as this one , where you are going to paint the body . alder is not a particularly pretty wood , it 's just a plain wood , but it is very light and it is very stable . it 's used to build guitars that people wan na be able to play and not worry about how heavy they are . there 's another wood that 's used , it 's called swamp ash . it has a very wide grain . it 's used in some of the older guitars that fender made . it 's also light weight and it has a tone really half way between alder , which is very bright , and mahagony , which is very warm . the last type of wood is bass wood . and if you want the quickest , easiest wood to work with than that 's the wood to use . this guitar body is actually constructed of bass wood . the beauty of bass wood is that it 's so easy to carve you can carve it with an exacto knife . once you put paint and finish on it , it becomes really sturdy and you can use it . it 's used for a lot of tremelo guitars . it 'll make a very light weight guitar and again the best benefit for you as a first time builder is , it 's inexpensive and you can easily carve it .
1Cjb2vNtyho hi i 'm tony newton for expert village and we are going to talk about being on the road . most of my life has been on the road with artist like stevie wonder , smokey roberson , aretha franklin , gary moore , allan , there is a life time and many more . so i have been on the road and still is on the road all the time so we are going to talk about tips here that would hopefully make your on the road life a little bit more pleasant . hi i 'm tony newton for expert village and we are going to talk about preparing a itinerary . do n't leave home with out it a itinerary has a list of places that you are going , the time that your are suppose to be there , the contacts . let 's say if you are doing let 's say that you took a short trip of ten days like from new york from california so you want on the itinerary should be all of the gigs , what time , they start , what time the sound track is , the contact person , lights , load in time , the hotel your staying at , its phone number and this type of information . it is absolutely necessary that you have this in your hand and a hard copy and not in your head .
dAsfl95f8KA hi , my name is rachel and i 'm the owner of austinstylewatch.com street fashion site , and i 'm also a freelance fashion writer and today we 're going to talk about how to find the right necklace for the right neckline that you 're wearing . so , before we start matching the two up , we 're going to talk about some basic principles . the first thing we 're going to talk about is that the idea of matching the necklace and the neckline is that the necklace and the neckline are n't ever going to compete . and by compete , i mean like match up at the same area . so you would n't want your charm on your necklace or the base of your necklace hitting right where your neckline is . the two get lost up in one another and you lose the effect of both . the second principle that we 're going to talk about , look at your body . and if you 're a little heavier or your fat folds or anything , you do n't want your necklace to get caught in them , to be competing with them to exaggerate the roundness of them . so , if you have cleavage , choose a little bit higher necklace regardless of your neckline so you 're not getting it down there in the cleavage . if you have rolls on your neck , make sure its not getting caught up in those , it just betrays the look a little bit . the third principle we 're going to talk about , and this again with that body type , is if you have larger shoulders , just a big frame -- not just fat -- but just a big frame , you 're going to want to choose larger pieces of jewelry . just in proportion . a larger woman , larger jewelry . smaller women , smaller jewelry . so , now that we got those out of the way , we 're going to talk about matching the necklace with the neckline . so for things like a strapless or a tank top , something where you have a lot of neckline exposed , you can choose a little big bigger , louder necklace and you want it close up on your neck . might want to match these pearls with this one . they ride up high , right around the collar bone . they do n't meet the neckline and they leave that exposed chest right there . so we 're going to lay on our next look . and our next look is going to be the v-neck . now , for the v-neck , it 's really good to match it with pearl drop , or drop down necklaces . it creates just like a picture in a frame , a nice little frame that they can fall down into . and our example for this one is going to be this little charm . it 's going to go around the neck and it falls right there in the chest , right in the v. so it accentuates both the shirt and the necklace . finally , our last look we 're going to do , this is a common office one . it 's going to be a collared shirt . and with a collared shirt , we have this sort of `` v '' principle that we just showed . but , since it 's kind of plain and since it creates little bit more exaggerated frame around us , you can choose kind of a loud necklace to choose with it . so you get the plain while , and the pop of a loud necklace underneath . so , now you 've learned the basic principles of how to match your neckline and your necklace .
amV6RDiYUKI john vandebrooke : this is john vandebrooke and on behalf of expert village , i am inviting you to take a look at our series of intermediate stages of encaustic painting . doing the small a6 card size pictures , you know , it 's fun , and what i found is that if you started doing a whole series of them at the same time , they had a similar look and you could almost put them together and think you are purposely painting them to fit together . but in each case , this was all accidental . i just had a lot of them that i did at the same time and looked how they would go together . so , i did sequences like this . i called this one `` four views '' and this one `` approaching storm . '' but in each case , i just laid pictures together that i had done and found that the patterns fit together rather uniquely . and so , it 's just something you might think of trying as you 're painting and practicing a lot of these small pictures to see if you could n't get them framed together , and it 's just an interesting process to take a look at .
bmB1tITnsHE as beautiful as your plants and flowers are in the backyard , the reality is that some of them can actually be hazardous to both humans and animals , alike . so , you might want to go do a once over around your yard , identify every plant that you have back there , and if there 's one that you do n't know what it is , you can do your research , you can either go online , or go to the library , or you can even cut a little piece of the plant in question and take it down to your local nursery , and i 'm sure that they 'll be able to help you out . but , once you identify whether or not you have a poisonous plant , if you do happen to have one , you want to be sure if you 're going to keep it that you keep it in a place where a small child , or an animal , like if you have a dog or a cat , ca n't get to it . because you do n't want anybody ingesting any sort of poisonous plant , an oleander is a good example of those , poinsettias are also toxic . so , go ahead , do your research and make sure that all of your plants are safe . and also another thing to take into consideration with plants , roses , beauville 's , things like that , that have sharp thorns , is that they can be , they can be dangerous , they can actually cut , or cause some serious cuts and lacerations . so , you want to keep them away from an area where a child can go up and just reach and grab hold , and get little cuts , or get cuts on their little hands .
C6CILKCcts0 alright , let 's go over the ingredients that we 're going to need to make this dish . we 're going to be using a chicken breast , but a chicken thigh will work very well with this as well , because it will have a darker color and match more with our sausage . so , we 're not really going to trim too much of it . we 're going to cut this chicken into little pieces , just like we will with our sausage . so , today we 're using chorizo sausage , which is sort of a latin american style sausage . it 's very mild . it has salt and some vinegar and some cilantro in it , but none of them have a very , very strong flavor , so it will be very , very mild . we 're also going to be , our fresh herb today is going to be oregano . we 're going to be cutting that up and adding it to our dish . and also onion , we 're , this is going to go in both our rice and our chicken and sausage ragu , and for our stocks . we 're going to be making stock twice today . we 're going to need one for the rice . so , we 're going to make one stock first and then as soon as our rice is done , we 're going to go back and repeat that step . because that 's going to go in with our ragu to give it the liquid and the flavor to cook down . so , we 're going to need , just some celery stalks and some carrot . now we 're going to be using this carrot , again twice , for both stocks , and then we 're going to be slicing some to put in with our ragu . we 're going to need a tomato , a red pepper , the juice of a lemon , a vegetable base , some red wine vinegar , salt and pepper , cayenne , some canned tomatoes and their juice , some corn , some red beans or some kidney beans , whichever one you have , some rice , some sherry vinegar , some garlic , and some oil .
-6bge-DwjfQ hi , i 'm voice over artist james benedict on behalf of expert village . this video is about learning how to play the didgeridoo and i 'd like to share a few secrets with you . now that you 've been practicing your didgeridoo , you 've probably noticed that it only plays one note . you ca n't really play scales on a didgeridoo , that 's why we make vocalizations into the didgeridoo . we 'll start off by just kind of yelling into it while we buzz . yeah ! you actually get to yell into the didgeridoo , as loud as you want to . i 'm not going to scream as loud as i can right now because i 'm in a recording studio , people are across the hall . let 's buzz , and kind of yell behind our buzz . ( audio demo ) i know it sounds ridiculous . now let 's try it with this thing and we get a really neat sound . just kind of think of it as a siren . you can add whatever sounds you want to your vocalizations , but that one 's just called the 'yell ' or the 'scream ' , depends on what you prefer .
1gS4Hb9gpOI okay , another way you can fix an error is ... kind of goes back to not making it in the first place . and one of the ways that i find that i make less and less errors , is i 'm more comfortable where i 'm at in my studio . and i have a nice set-up where i work . i have music that i listen to , and things like that . what happens is , there 's less stress . and if ... .if you 're in a peaceful place , and it 's less stress , and you 're doing what you love to do , you 're probably not going to make as many mistakes . so if you 're prone to painting at the kitchen table while you 're cooking dinner and the kids are running in and out of the house , and the husband 's not home yet , might not ... you might make some errors and you might not be able to fix them . but if you can find a nice , secluded place where you can actually paint , and be by yourself , and be comfortable where you 're at , you wo n't make as many errors because you 're going to be more relaxed . and if you do make an error , it 'll be much easier to fix , and you just wo n't be all stressed out . so , definitely , be happy where you paint , and you will make a lot fewer mistakes . so , that 's one of my secrets , and i hope it works for ya .
DP98lac4P3s adding compression is a simple process . it 's basically just adding inserts to any of your tracks . you can add compressions to multiple tracks by pressing the shift button or the apple button , and holding down and selecting multiple tracks . these tracks are going to be temporarily grouped so that whatever you do to one track you 'll be able to do that to all those tracks at the same time . this helps with a lot of time and it helps be more efficient within the program . now , when adding compression , what you can do is go to the plug in spot , go to dynamics , and pick a compressor . after picking a compressor , each compressor has a bunch of different presets within the parameters that you can use . now , once doing that , it has pretty much drums , guitars , keyboards , voice compression tools , and it has some wave burn tools . now within the compression , the attack and the reset are very , very important , and this will help you bring sounds more to the ground in your mix . it 'll make it so it 's more clear without actually having to change the level of the volume . it kind of squishes the smaller , softer tones within the music , and kind of meets the loudest tones .
3PW6K0vdv4E the 3 ball blind behind the back multiplex start . it 's quite a long title for a trick . but basically all you 're doing is holding three balls like this with an upside down triangle , but behind your back . and what you 're doing behind your back is using your , the tips of your fingers to invert that triangle in the air . see how that middle one separates these two and go , ends up going higher than the rest of them . so you start , you do that behind your back and ideally , if i can pull it off , it looks something like this , just like that . just like that . and the reason it 's such a popular trick is because , you 're facing the audience when you do it , they can not see what you 're doing and it looks magical to see all three pop up from behind you and if they split right , it looks really cool . try it again , just like that . it takes quick hands . i 'll show you from behind how the throw looks . the key is to really push your fingertips through , to really make that middle one split the other two and pop up higher than the rest . it can be a little bit difficult and and a little bit hard on your shoulders at first until you get the motion done correct . but if you persevere , it 's a pretty cool trick to know .
53HpkBzxxEM now let 's talk about how to maintain your bras . because , bras do n't last forever . manufacturers understand this , so they put three sets of hooks on the back . every bra is made with elastic . your body is a hundred degrees and it heats up and the elastic expands as you warm up . so , it wo n't stay this band length forever . in fact , what will happen is it will stretch out and it will start to ride up your back . when it rides up , it stops supporting you in the front . so , all you do is move from the last hook to the second set of hooks . and , that will give you a little bit more support . when it stretches out on these hooks , then you move to the last set of hooks . you always want to make sure that it 's sitting low on your back . when it starts creeping up and you have no hooks left , you have two options . you can either take in the bra on the side , right under here or you just buy a new bra . i recommend buying a new bra , just because you 'll get more wear out of it . when your straps start to stretch as well , just make sure that again you 're following the two fingers worth of tension in the back . you do n't want too much room like this . you want it to be significantly more like this . bras do n't last forever . if you 're rotating everyday and you 're wearing maybe four bras , that will last you about six months . six to eight bras , might last you about eight to ten months . ten or more , you 're going to get over a year . i understand , that not everybody wants to have ten or more bras . so , just remember that you want to keep an eye on how your bra is fitting and if it 's riding up in the back . do n't forget that if it drops in the front , you 're not being supported anymore . and , that 's allowing gravity to help break down your breast tissue . if you want to stay as firm as possible , you always want to be supported .
ETxd_EaltbI hi my name is guillermo gomez and i coach soccer and today i would like to talk to you about how you can prepare yourself for high school soccer . as an eighth grader what you want to actually do is go to a high school and check out their games . you know check the varsity or the jv teams and check the intensity of the games . this sort of will give you an idea of the expectations of a player in high school . you know before pre-season starts you want to make sure that you are in good shape . it is very important . you want to look at your long distance running and then you also want to look at your quick turns and change of direction since that is what you do most of the time in the game of soccer . you should be able to run 2 miles under 16 minutes and i would push it back to 15 minutes that is something that you should be able to do . before you go into the precision training again make sure that you are in good shape and talk to the players that play high school so you understand the expectations . because not only will you be concentrating on the game of soccer but then you are moving from middle school to high school so now you have to pay attention to see if you can balance your studies with the sport and you want to make sure that you are successful with both . thanks . so make sure you eat healthy as well and if you have the opportunity to talk with a soccer coach i would recommend that you go and do that and ask him how you can prepare for preseason training .
3Sd2KRf-Fvo okay , so maybe you noticed , when we were doing that very simple arpeggiated fingerpicking , that the first beat of every measure is actually the low note in the chord . what we call that in music is the root note of the chord . and so , what that means is , is if you 're playing a c chord , the root is of the low c of that chord , or it 's , basically , the first note in a c scale that that chord is based on . so , the root of the c chord is the c , the root of an e chord is e and , etcetera . it 's kind of elementary . but , musically , you want to play that root note kind of at the beginning of any fingerpicking sequence . so , if we go back to the `` blue moon , '' every sort of chord starts with the root . so , if i 'm going , right , so that 's going c , a , f , g those are the actual chords i 'm playing and that 's actually the note that is being played as that low note , that root , with each of those picking sequences . okay ? so , that 's really what your thumb is doing when you 're fingerpicking . your thumb is playing the root notes of the chords that you 're fingering with your left hand . so , but , the thing with the root notes is , when you 're playing a chord on a guitar , that root might be on the low e string , it might be on the a string or it might be on the d string . and so that 's why for fingerpicking style , i like to kind of dedicate my thumb to all three of those strings , because the root could , depending on the chord , could kind of be in any one of them . so , for example , for an e chord , the root is on the low e , so if i was to arpeggiate that , you know , i would pluck the low e with my thumb . but , for an a , the root is on the a string , which is one string up . okay ? well , i still want to use my thumb for that because , kind of one of the basics of fingerpicking is that you kind of dedicate your thumb to the low notes . so , for an a , the root 's here . so , just kind of keep that in mind as you 're learning to fingerpick , is where is the root of the chord , what note is that , and you might want to have your thumb dedicated to those roots .
ClHTYSGkUKw this segment is on long drives and it 's the swing thought that has helped me , as well as a lot of my students , hit the ball longer . and that is to visualize a wall right here and a sledge hammer . and what you want to do is to take this sledge hammer and boom , bang down that wall . that gives you a lot of things . first of all , when you bring a sledge hammer back , you 're not going to go like this , you 're going to start feeling strong . you 're going to bring it back and you 're going to use that speed of the sledge hammer to hit that wall , boom , from behind the wall . staying behind it . you 're not going to go like this . it gives you timing . it gives you powerful timing . so i 'm going to hit these balls and i 'll show you what i mean . the wall is right here . ok jay , you have a sledge hammer , there 's the wall , break down that wall . that was a pretty well hit drive right there . come on jay , come on , hit that wall harder , there 's the wall , here 's your sledge hammer , there 's the wall , take that sledge hammer , break that wall . it makes it a little more difficult when you 're saying it as opposed to just thinking it but i 'm going to do it again . sledge hammer , wall , come on , there 's the wall , come on jay , break down that wall . sledge hammer , break it ! that was a well hit drive . remember , you think of swing thoughts during your swing and a good long drive swing thought that will get you to wind up well , use your hands correctly , release right into the wall with powerful timing . break down the wall with a sledge hammer .
5e4utvvQ1CE on behalf of expert village , my name is paul anderson . i 'm from the abc circus right here in hollywood , florida , and this is juggling for the beginner . i 'm going to show you some fun patterns . we just went over 2 in 1 hand and 2 in the other hand . let 's put them all together and we have 2. watch the blue ball . we 'll make a figure 8 pattern . that 's just a hopscotch right now . now , it 's the figure 8 pattern around the 2 paintballs . you see the pattern the blue ball is making ? it 's a figure 8. now , i can just put the blue ball on my left hand and do what 's called the fake . then i can add in over to the top of the fake , and it would go up , over down , up , over , down , up , over , down . up , over , down . then occasionally , you can just throw one ball away . you know what ? you 're going to be dropping a lot when you learn how to juggle , so get used to it . certainly i am .
CUnZgauCwa8 on the left side take your right hand right behind you and take that left arm right up . it is more challenging to put your knees together or you can take your knees apart . start with the knees together and reach up with the left hand and that right arm right behind you , take a deep breath in through your nose , feeling the connection between the left hand and the right arm and then exhale , come forward and reach for that left hand and reach forward with breathing deep through your nose and then exhale and come all the way up , take a deep breath through your nose and exhale , lean back into it now you can sort the knees out and come right back down into it , breathe in deep through your nose and then exhale and come all the way up reach up high , take a deep breath in and reaching across with that right arm and exhale come forward , sit right back down into it , inhale come all the way up , reach up with that left arm , right arm reaching right across , exhale , come forward , stretching , release and relax and keep your knees together so they are more challenging if you wish and then inhale come up and then exhale and bring that hand right down .
33aDtPSJeVM you want to make a heart out of paper ? i 'll show you how . my name is robert segundo , and today i 'm going to teach you h ow to make an origami heart . if you look down here at the table , you can see i 've got a square piece of paper , and it 's already been pre-creased for me , so we can kind of get this going a little bit quicker , here . so what you want to do is you 're just going to want to fold it over in half , like so . open it back up . fold it over in half , again . and then open it back up . then what we 're going to do is we 're going to fold a quarter , so , going to fold it like this , and like so . then what we 're going to do is , we 're going to fold it in half , down this way , and like this to form a triangle . open it back up . fold it in half the opposite way as well . open it back up , and this line that we have , or this cross that we have created here , we 're going to take and we 're going to fold this edge over to that line . so it crosses right on that cross . what we 're going to do is you have these flaps here that are kind of created that were left over , creases . so what we 're going to do is we 're just going to kind of take those and crease them on the inside , like so . just kind of a reverse fold thing . what we 're going to do is we 're going to repeat that over here , and since this is already pre-creased , i can just basically fold it over into that section . now what you 're going to do is , you 're going to kind of place your fingers in here , like so . you 're going to bring this together . and just kind of squish it down , like that . and when you pick it up and fold it down , you can see you 've already got your heart shape . already pre-made . and you can just kind of take and work your corners down , like work the top down , and really kind of , you know , round it out . make it look however you want to . so , there it is . there 's your paper heart , play around with it , have fun and enjoy .
bjscKZkZuO0 hi , this is david for expert village today we are going to make coq au vin . now we have our coq au vin it is all done , our chicken with wine and its beautiful gravy . here is how we are going to serve it . get a nice bowl just like this . if you want to put some rice in there that is fine but i just like it like this . grab one of those beautiful so succulent it is falling off the bone almost right here . then what you want to do once you get that grab some of that sauce cause the peas are in there , the carrots , and celery and onion . look at that . so do n't be cheap with it just go ahead and put that over as much as you want . you see all that gravy going in there . there is one of those pearl of onions . then what you want to do just to garnish it go ahead and put some of the bacon that you render down in the beginning just go ahead and toss that over the top . then a little parsley for some color just like that . then you have a beautiful coq au vin . it takes a little time but it is definitely worth it . bon appetite .
DzIbinOYyRA george engle iii : on behalf of expert village , my name is george engle with mr. fix-it handyman , inc. , here in miami , florida , and today i 'm going to be showing you how to install a bi-fold door . so , we 've got our door up . just make sure that these are tight and toward the position that we want that one . the one at the top as well , just make sure it 's snug on there . we 're going to bring this one folded in . this little clip comes up and down ; hold it down till it goes in the tract , let it go . you see it snaps right in . voila ! there you have your bi-fold door ! hand opens and closes it . finish it off . trim it with some baseboard . of course we left the baseboard off because we needed to get the door set before we finish the baseboard but as you can see , once we wrap it up with the baseboard at the bottom it 's going to come around this corner inside and we 'll leave a notch for the door so that it 'll look 100 % finished . on behalf of expert village , thank you for watching .
FU6kAaVVlNM alright , let 's go over the pots and utensils that we 're going to need today . we 're going to have a big sauce pan here , and that 's what we 're going to be making our risotto in , and i 'm going to put this lid on the top to let everything steam up when we reduce it . we 're going to be using three more sauce pots . we 're going to start making a veggie stock in this small one . and then later when that 's done , we 're going to be adding it to this pot , and this is where our vegetables and our shrimp shells are going to be cooking . and we 'll then use this strainer right here to reduce out all the vegetables and just have the pure broth . we 're going to be using this pan right here , and that 's what we 're going to be cooking our black bean and corn salsa in . we 're going to be putting that around the edge of the plate , with the risotto in the middle . we 're going to be using this bowl right here to reserve our juice , using measuring cups , measuring spoons , and we 're going to be putting our shells in this when we clean up our shrimp . we 're going to need a can opener for our two cans , have a measuring spoon , a large spoon to stir our items , a knife , we 're going to use this to peel , we 're going to have a cutting board , and because we 're using shrimp , we 're going to be using these gloves .
dwxB_OaeAAg so we have two yixing teapots here , how do you brew it ? yixing teapots are usually recommended for oolong teas or black , black tea . usually it 's the puer tea that 's best . because yixing pots are not glazed on the inside and when you brew the tea , every time you brew it , the teapot absorbs all the flavors and aroma of that tea and with each subsequent brew and every time you use this teapot , you get tea that 's a little bit enhanced . and oolong tea , it 's also recommended with , you can use this because oolong tea imparts flavors of aroma of orchids and lilac and these teapots will absorb that . so , if you want to use the yixing , you do n't have to worry about using any filter , there 's already a filter that 's inside these teapots and the tea is put in . you put a concentrated amount , just because you 're using so little water and you 're infusing it only twenty seconds , thirty seconds at a time , so that your guest is constantly getting replenished with warm or hot tea . and you hold the yixing teapots like this and there 's a little hole at the center , when you put your finger in that hole , it stops the water from coming out . but when you release it and hold it on the side , your tea will come out .
5FcM7F3ACfo in this series we 'll be talking about some advanced 3 ball juggling tricks . now , to start with any of these tricks , you need to have a very clean 3 ball pattern already . you need to be able to juggle the 3 ball cascade with pretty good ease . you need to just be able to sit here and juggle it , not really think too much about it , because instead , we 're going to be thinking about doing other things on top of it and making it look even cooler . a lot of these tricks are very hard . they take quite a bit of practice , so do n't get discouraged at first . just break the tricks down , think about what exactly what you 're doing and trying to do with each trick , and you 'll be able to learn it slowly . some of these take people many days , months , even years to master , and a lot of these build on each other . so if you 're brand new to juggling , definitely come look at these tricks , but do n't be discouraged if you ca n't do all of them at first . i think 3 ball juggling is amazing . there are so many possible things you can do with it . you just have so much freedom with 3 balls that you do n't get with a lot of other juggling patterns . that 's a shame if you do n't learn everything you can think of , you can just come up with tricks off the top of your head and make them work . i 'll just be here going over a few of my favorite .
3k5eFttEDg0 hi there ! on behalf of expertvillage.com my name is candace copeland . i 'm to the point now where all i have to do is find the clasp . we talked about the shininess . this is a perfect little clasp for this necklace because it 's got all that shiny silver that the piece that we were just working on did not have . you kind of come through . i 've already got my little crimp bead on there . i want to add one more bead . where is it ? there it is . one more finish thing . there 's the crimp bead in there and then there 's the little finish bead . then you run it through , loop it around , run it through the beads . it get a little tedious sometimes . this is probably my least favorite part of the bead making . there 's got to be something that 's tedious and this is it . this is where the whole crocks lays . if you do something and you do n't crimp it right it all falls apart . this little tool , as you can see the little notches in there . that little notch tool fits right over that little crimp bead . crimp down , then you turn it because it has a little edge . you take the top part of the crimp bead and give it another squeeze and that closes it up . now you 've got a nice solid little piece . then i trim off the tail right down there to the edge . then string this to make sure it gets nice and tight . get right back up here and do a similar thing on the other side . come right up through here then right down again through the center of all those little beads and pull it tight . this one you got to really then hold the necklace up . pull it tight , pull it tight because you do n't want any looseness in there . i think we 're good . again , take that little crimp thing . go quick , turn it over and go . then we do a little snip and we have a finished product . these are the little earrings that go with it . i think rebecca is going to pleased with what this turned out to be as a set .
4K_FAmYAd2o before becoming a professional hairstylist , i had no idea there was even a difference between curling irons . i 'm laura gibson , beauty expert here to tell you the different between curling irons . there 's three types . one would be your chrome curling iron , your gold curling iron and your ceramic curling iron . now the different between the three , varies . for example , the first one which everyone usually likes to go because it will save you a penny , that would be your chrome . the second one is more for someone who uses their flat iron but not everyday , that would be your gold . now however , if you 're a curling iron junkie like me , you 're going to want to what ? you 're going to want to go with ceramic . ceramic actually seals your cuticle to leave you with that silky smooth finish . so once again , there are three types of curling irons . chrome , gold and ceramic . its all about what you want . i 'm laura gibson , beauty expert .
29dGdKvS_io now we 're going to look at attacks from motion . if you can see them coming then you can prepare for them ahead of time . like we did with the single hand chest grab , he 's going to come in to grab or push and we 're not going to let him . from here the opposite hand comes up so whatever hand he is pushing with , use the opposite hand to come into a finger lock and then down . other side , here to here . so now before he has even got the grab we 've got that finger lock on him . we 're going to follow up with a choke . in and down we want to come to the outside here . from here transition , bring this hand , never letting go of the finger lock up into a choke . opposite side , so you are going to come down to the outside until he is all the way to the ground , keeping that finger lock on him , come around it a choke . one more time .
FpCxtyb65e4 hi , my name is hunter from the austin aqua-dome . i do a lot with salt water fish tanks , many people want to know how to lower nitrates in the reef aquarium . nitrates in higher concentrations can be damaging to the live corrals . in most cases , fishes are not affected until the nitrates become very high but coral growth will slow as any nitrates do accumulate . there are no good products , as far as , media , chemical medias , on the market for removing nitrate so the only ways to do it are through frequent large water changes or going with a natural method of removing them . one of the ways that we do this is through use of what we call a refugium . this would be a small tank , in line on your system , that 's plumed into your system that is a place where you can grow different macro algaes , by that we mean different seaweeds . as seaweeds and algaes grow , they absorb nitrates out of the water and this is probably the best and easiest method for removing nitrates .
1NsGTF3dlIo hi ! this is josiah owen with expert village . now we 're going to talk about making fresh lemon juice for our glaze . we only need one teaspoon of this , but you can go ahead and squeeze this for another recipe , or if you want to make a quick cup of lemonade . whatever you want to do . you want to take the lemon and you want to roll it on the table . this helps the juice break up . you just want to roll it . now you can see the lemon 's kind of soft . give it a good squeeze . you just want to cut it in half . now we 've got 2 halves . once again , you can go ahead and just wrap one of these up and save it for later , or go ahead and squeeze them both now . we 've got a juicer . you just want to press down . as we press down , turn either counterclockwise or clockwise . it 's up to you . we 've got a strainer to catch all of the seeds and some of the pulp , so that 's good . you just want to squeeze . then what you want to do is you want to squeeze the edges of the lemon , because as you 're squeezing the lemon itself , a lot of the pulp comes out to the edges . you want to make sure you squeeze all of it . keep turning . discard this , give it a nice twist , and there you go . fresh lemon juice .
dXhMT-J1VlY in this segment we 'll be talking about the tools you 'll need to loft your sails . we 've already taken the measurements off the boat and off the existing sails . so we have the list here , you know , luff , leech , and foot measurements . then we 'll be transferring those measurements to a scale drawing of the sails . to complete your scale drawing , you 'll need a scale architect 's rule . it 's in twenty-fourths scale , fortieth scale , fiftieth scale . you will just use whatever is appropriate . this is n't a necessary tool , but it 's handy . it 's a flexible curve . you can find most of these things at an architect supply store . this curve is kind of neat and handy . it allows you to kind of repeat funny curves and such . it 's handy to have a square . just a small triangle works well . you want a few sheets of paper and obviously a lot of pencils . that will be all of the tools you 'll need to do the paper design of the sail .
dwj_XH2_R8k now we are going to do a drill specifically for running backs and everybody who carries the ball in the back field . you have to be on your feet and still make the speed so we call this the cha cha step with some cones . the idea of this drill is to do a 1,2 step in between each cone . first one we are going to try to do is go in a moderate speed left and right one time . after you feel comfortable try to speed up and even time yourself on how many times you can go back and forth in 20 seconds . we would try it moderate speed first . just think about the cha cha step 1,2,1,2,1,2,1,2,1,2 bring it back , bring it back , bring it back , bring it back . now you can make it interesting and push yourself if you touch a cone with a couple of push ups in between . let 's try it in a high speed now . that is the high speed version just think cha cha 1,2 , in between each cone back and forth without touching the cones .
ETc6FAN8cAI hi , i 'm joseph hickerson , pit manager at a local casino and on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to give the introduction on how to play casino style craps . in this clip we 're going to continue talking about place bets , in particular , their pay off . now remember , place bets are set up by the dealer in the corresponding position to where the player is at the table . now place bets pay offs are also just a little slightly confusing but we 're going to go through it now . on the four and the ten , for every five unit you bet , you 'll receive nine . four and ten are bet in increments of five . the five and nine , for every five units , you 'll receive seven . the five and nine are bet in increments of five . the six and eight are bet in increments of six . for every six units bet , you 'll receive seven . now i know this is confusing so let 's go over it one more time . the four and ten , every five gets nine . the five and nine , every five gets seven . and the six and eight which are bet in six dollar increments , every six gets seven . this prop box right here , let me show you first of all where bets can be made , then we can discuss .
3fsl4kt1VPA hi my name is les whitley . today i 'd like to talk to you about one of the most exciting exercises for lower body in the lunge . the traveling lunge is most effective because it 's moving your body through space . when we train the legs we train them as a whole trying to emphasize as much of the muscle mass as we possibly can . the traveling lunge begins with you in a good neutral position , pick a line to walk , ideally looking for ten to fifteen up to twenty steps per leg for good balance . begin by initiating the movement and stepping forward in a comfortable step , you do n't want to over extend and put your self in a position where it 's going to limit your flexibility but also too , you want to step far enough out that you are getting a good range of motion , dropping the body down , stepping up , and all the way through the motion , hands can either be on the hips or out to the sides which ever is more comfortable . again traveling through , keeping your body in a good upright position . and these can be done in a variety of different ways by stepping out , together , then out again or stepping all the way through to the next repetition . the second variety requires a little more control , a little more stability and it could be something you work into . the emphasis here is full hip extension when you are standing upright and not bending over at the waist . maintain that good upright position , it activates the glutes and the rear of the thighs for maximum muscle stimulation .
4XlVMRXLydg we 're going to do gathering chi from heaven and earth . and i want you to , if you 'd like to follow along with me , that 'd be great . but gathering chi from heaven and earth , one of the great things about qigung is that the movements can be very , very simple . we do n't have to do any complex movements here . there are complex movements later on in higher levels of qigung . but the wonderful thing about qigung is that quigung can be done with any age group . any age group . we have movements in qigung that eighty year olds can do , ninety year olds can do . we have movements in quigung that require stronger flexibility , more endurance and so on . but the point to this is that when you do qigung , you can do so many different movements . there are so many movements in qigung that , when you learn a great amount of qigung , you could pick what you would like to do , what your body can handle . ok ? and , a real simple one is gathering chi from heaven and earth . and what i 'd like to do is demonstrate the form for you and kind of just talk through the form as you 're watching me do this . so , we always want to start out in the wu chi posture . right -- first one , always stand in the wu chi posture . work your way from the feet up to the top of the head . once you do that , then you go to your breathing . inhale , exhale . ok ? from here , once you have a feeling of peace and focus , that the mind is n't racing around anymore , that you 're very calm and relaxed , let 's begin the movement then . then begin the posture and the movement is what we 're going to do , which is gathering chi from heaven and earth .
2DMNQnJ_L8w with the bow and arrow just take your right foot forward . you can take your left hand down and touch the floor , take your right hand to that right foot , relax . then what you can do if you wish , take that left hand and rest it on your thigh and take your shoulder and just look over the top of the shoulder . but you can increase that by taking that left hand straight up and as you reach up high feel those toes coming right in towards you . now you 're going to feel the hamstrings , the inner thigh , but you 're going to feel that left arm reaching up connecting to the left shoulder to left hip . breathe in deep to your nose and then exhale , release , come all the way down . again , you can touch the floor , rest against the hand and then relax . and then release . now for the other side you take your left foot forward , take your right hand down touch the floor , take the left hand to those toes , feel those toes come right in toward you so you feel the back of the leg with the hamstring . you can take that right hand to find your balance , right here , will works on the core , but you can lift up with that right hand if you can , and just like somebody 's taking that hand right away from you . take that left foot right in towards you . now breathe in deep to your nose and exhale . another deep breath in as you reach a little bit higher , exhale . and once again , deep breath in and exhale . now take that right arm down , you can touch the floor or rest upon the left and then release . take the knees out to the sides of the mat , sit back towards your heels and just lean forward . you can put your fist upon fist , the hand upon hand , whatever is for you , but keep yourself close to heels . shoulders relax , breathe in deep to your nose and exhale to your nose , feeling the shoulders release . and guide the floor away from you , come all the way up .
FYsb1Ph5pxk hi i 'm tim gipson and i 'm going to talk to you about how to remove rust from stainless steel . typically some places you 'll find stainless steel around the house is either in a stainless steel sink or maybe something like this pocket knife . typically the blades are made of stainless steel . now stainless steel is pretty good about not rusting but over a period of time just wear and tear you can break down through the surface and you can get some mild rusting but usually it is something that is going to be very light and just very light on the surface so usually what you can do with stainless steel is you can take something like a wd40 and just spray it on there and usually if you just take a paper towel and wipe it down it will usually get most of that surface rust off . in some cases you might want to take like a really fine sand paper like a 320 or a 400 grit and just lightly sand it to remove that and you do n't want to be very aggressive with the sand paper because one thing with stainless steel is you do n't want to break down the surface of that or etch it because that will cause more problems in the future . if it is something like in a sink or something like this you may want to use some natural ways to do it . you can just take some baking soda and some lemon juice or some vinegar and mix it up in a paste and then you can just spread that on to your sink or on to your stainless steel item and let it sit for a little bit . it is going to break down that rust and dissolve it and then you can just come back and wipe it down and you 'll have a nice clean surface . it is good to use in your sink because that way you know you are not using any kind of chemicals . if you are washing vegetables or washing some fruits in there you do n't have to worry about that in your sink . so i 'm tim gipson and that 's how to remove rust from stainless steel .
2wyra6zfSS8 the straight drive is really the basis of the game of squash and if you are a newcomer to this and what it means is when somebody takes the ball and drives it from anywhere to the back court and that is a straight drive . it is a really basic shot and if you can shape it into the corner so much the better but that is really the basis of the game of squash which is also called , if you hit it deep and consistently , then it is called getting good length so in tennis they will call it deep but in squash they call it getting it to good length and it means the same thing . so a backhand drive just means that i 'm on the backhand side and i hit it back so hitting the ball , and hitting a straight drive to good length is really the secret to hitting a good game of squash so if you can do that consistently that is what this term means , it means just hitting a straight ball deep . if you do that consistently you are going to have a great game . this is one of the main things to work on in your game so if you hit good length , good straight drives you will have a great game .
5RyQtjyUSnA alright , now we 've got to this stage , we just want to start really thinking about how we much , how wide we 're going to need this , alright ? oops , you see ? these want to get off center really bad once you get like this wide , you just got to keep it in control . shove it around , show it who 's boss , do whatever you 've got to do . and then you take your hand and you plunge it down like that and that forms the beginning of our , we 're going to start making a hole in here . i 'm taking my hands and i 'm pushing my other hand into it . and i 'm using the slop and i want to make this bowl with enough , with enough weight on the bottom to where we can trim it up nice , which is perfect right there . so what we want to do is have about that much space between how much clay we have in the middle and the wheel head , is that thick . perfect .
D_JD-STwIrs okay so one of the ways you can use to select a piece of wood to begin with is have either have some wood at home you might use or else go to a local lumber store or wherever . and i usually use about three eighths inch plywood and i get a two by two piece and pick out , have it cut down so that i can use different sizes for different things . that 's one of the ways . and my favorite is this three eighths inch plywood because its not terribly heavy yet its sturdy enough so that you can use it to put the glass on . there 's a few ways to prep it . you can paint white on it if you want to with acrylic and so that , sometimes , some of the clear glass will show through and your good piece is pictures of the wood grain will come through . but if you paint it white of course you will have a white background . if i could go to the beach and get a neat piece of drift wood and glue pieces of glass on it in different ways . there 's just all kinds of things you could use . or you could use , take a stone , a stepping stone from outside for outside of the house or something and glue pieces onto that . that 's another article you can use . just as many things as you can think of . this is my preference because its easy to work with and it lends itself to putting a frame around it and so on . and so that 's what i use .
2Hp1BsgvX2E so if i did it as a monologue for instance , andy , what would be something i could monologueize about . what would be a topic ? uh , coffee . coffee , so i  m going to attempt to do a monologue as an expert about coffee . i will place some hesitations , which andy will fill in those blanks and we  ll see how that works . and maybe i  ll get surprised and you  ll get surprised if we  re lucky . okay , the important thing there is about coffee is that it has health benefits as well as psychological benefits . some people call it an addiction . i for one , think of it as more of a  clown  , clown food , because when i  m drinking coffee , my creativity explodes and my energy gets behind my creativity in such a way that i get a little clownish and active and i do have to be very careful because i have a , a uh ,  prescription  , prescription for medications that clowning antagonizes . it  s a cholesterol condition and also my viagra , you really don  t want to clown too much on viagra , you could sprain your  four-wheeler  , four-wheeler . it  s that simple , that  s exactly how it works . so you could ,  that was amazing  , wasn  t that ? amazing , wasn  t that hilarious ,  improv  .
Dsxh-CC90XE alright , the drink we 're about to make is called beer buster . alright , go ahead and put some ice in a mixing glass , and measure out two ounces of one hundred proof vodka . now , it 's up to you on how many ounces you want to add , you do n't have to do two , you can do one , or one and a half , whatever you want . and now , we 're just going to fill it up with some good old beer . and it 's your choice what you want to use here , alright . now we 're going to follow that up with some hot sauce . now this , again , is up to you on how much hot sauce you want to add , depends on how you much you want to bust this beer . so , about five drops should do it . and take your shaker , if you pour it back and forth once , that ought to get it mixed together . you do n't want to shake it , obviously , the carbonation in the beer . and there you go . add a straw , and bottoms up .
eKFJz8xO_-E hi , i 'm seth maxwell malice . i 'm a artist and illustrator . i 'm using a brush as opposed to a pen , because brush gives you more freedom of line thickness and depending on how much you put it down and pull or how lightly you put it down and pull , gives you your different line definitions , thickness . so right now , what i 'm doing is i 'm just putting the brush on the paper , i 'm seeing where it lands and then i 'm pulling it . now as you pull , the brush with the ink on it , no matter how much you push down , or pull up with the brush , determines your line thickness . okay , so now i 'm picking up where i left that last line and the putting the brush right down and stopping . see , it sort of points out , that 's why it 's , it 's got this point on there . when you pull the brush through the ink , remember , you 're turning it . and you 're doing this , and you 'll see , you get a cheat , you get to see your line , what you 're working with on blotter first before you put it on paper . okay , i 'll go through her dress strap here , just try to keep a straight line , i , i sometimes use two hands , this hand to hold , this hand just to anchor it a little bit . and remember you 're also doing sort of a optical illusion , so when you 're drawing , you 're not drawing every exact thing on here , you can eye an illusion of , of depth of field , thickness , whatever .
cM5dUxZDiT4 this is where we show you how to squeeze a larger defender , all right . a squeeze is when a larger defender is on the block , and you have two smaller defenders trying to box him out at the same time . okay , because most cases on a free throw , everybody 's boxing their own person out , but a squeeze is where two people has already made up in their mind that they have a great defender -- i mean a great rebounder between them , and they both step in front of the defender to squeeze him out to lower his chances of getting that rebound . we 'll show you that . so , let 's say on a free throw , i 'm the bigger rebounder . i 'm the great rebounder . okay , so the shot goes up , and what 's going to happen here is brian is going to step in front of me , brian is going to step in front of me , which puts two people on one rebounder , and heightens their chance of getting the ball for their team to start the offensive break . we 're going to walk you through that . follow the squeeze , do n't worry about the ball . okay , okay . so what happened was two people stepped into the lane to box out or squeeze out the larger defender , or the greater defender , by stepping in front him with two people . we just showed you how to lessen the chances of a great rebounder , to get the rebound , off the free throw , by stepping into -- or two players stepping in front of him .
C39F_fL63cM alexson roy : so what is sports massage ? so like i said before , sports massage is pretty much movement , passive range of movement . it requires me , kind of , stretching and pulling on your joints and kind of , i guess , the tense areas kinda like relaxing them in a way but doing it by stretch and pulling and relieving the joints of any type of , i guess , kind of stiffness . okay ? so what we 're going to do is we 're going to focus on the upper body , which is pretty much anything from the lower back up to the base of the neck . so let 's say , we have an athlete , right , that plays football or plays tennis or golf or anything like that . okay ? they 're mainly going to have problems in the area of that fluid-like movement , that movement that is kinda continuous over and over and over again , 'cause what 's going to happen is it 's going to wear out . okay ? and so what we 're going to do , we want to focus on a number of areas that have to do with particular sports , in general .
cWDnahgc4go drag queen 101. alright guys this is how to do it . simple is the easiest way to become a girl well for a moment anyways . you are going to want to find yourself a dress or a female attire clothing of some sort that is going to be your attire for the evening . cody has chosen a lovely pink , hot pink and black chiffon dress that is . you will find that simply enough by taking your waist measurement and that will give you a dress size , 32 inch waist boys , 12 , 34 , 14 and all such . so you can find yourself a dress at the mall or the thrift stores , in your wife 's closet , wherever it is that you find your dress and make sure it fits appropriately so your chest , to take a chest measurement simply measure underneath your bust line that will give you the brazier size that you need . it will be somewhere in the range of a 36 , 38 possibly 40 , 42 depending on what kind of chest you are as a fellow . so what to put in the brazier , you have a few choices . they have lovely gel packs out there now that you can buy to insert it into the brazier or you could be as simple and easy as shoulder pads , that works as well . we also have a fun trick with pantyhose and rice . a pair of pantyhose cut off , fill it up with the rice , fold it over a few times leaving the knobby piece for your nipple piece and just insert that . makes a great simple easy breast for your drag queen . another quick note on great sexy legs for the drag queen is definitely do pantyhose . a good trick for you guys if you feel your legs are n't so up to par , double up on the pantyhose , two pantyhose . that will give you a nice slender look and also take away a lot of the hair underneath if you choose not to go with hair . lots of guys like fish nets and that is a fine look to go with as well . do put a nude pantyhose underneath it and then apply the fish net on top of it to give you a much cleaner smoother great looking drag leg . shoes , keep in mind guys it is hard to find shoes in your size so this is the rule of thumb . if you are a size 9 you are going to be wearing a size 12 womens ' shoe . three size difference . so for you fellows out there with a size 12 and up foot it is going to be a little bit trickier for you to find shoes so make up . this is a very simple drag queen make up . you can get very crazy and elaborate if you want it all depends on where you want to go with it . of course a clean shaven is more appropriate . cody is going for more of a wild drag queen look here leaving his facial hair but he does have a nice set of blush , make sure you get those up on your cheeks . you want to definitely use some lipstick . a good trick is a lip liner with a lip stick over it so that way you boys can talk away or drink your drinks or do whatever it is with your mouth and not have to worry so much about your lipstick . you 'll also want to do something fun with your eyes . eyes are done both with light shadow on the lid and very much so underneath the eyebrow to help open and enhance the eyes and once again eyelashes go a long way leaving not a lot of work for eye liners which is a much easier thing for guys to do than eyelashes than the eyeliner . so some eye shadow up there , try to get some light shadow up underneath that eyebrow to help bring that out if you want to define the eyebrow some more you can bring it in with a eye pen and bring in that eyebrow even more but to finish off the drag queen you need some great hair so cody has chosen to be a blond today . we 've got a lovely farrah fawcett style wig to wear today you want to help pull that on to your forehead there . that is a great look of course , blonds have the most fun so going that way is always nice and a red head the next best in that . but of course any wig that you choose will certainly bring out what kind of drag queen you are that day so keeping that all in mind practicing your walking , nail polish is another fun accessory that you can add to it and of course bracelets , necklaces , all those fun accessories and a great little bag to go along with your ensemble are all good things to finish with a great drag queen .
-fSI2e1pqkY hello . i 'm matt cail and on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you today how to do advanced painting techniques . the next technique we 're going to cover is simply correcting . it 's how to make up for those little mistakes or , when your painting does n't quite go in the direction you imagined it should go in . take , for example this area here . let 's say the blue looks really , really great but you know what ? i 'd want this to be a lot more red up here and i do n't , if i blend the red in here it 's going to look like a milky-bluish red purple and it 's not what i want to do . what do i do ? how do i fix this ? mr. paper towel or mr. paint rag is going to be your best friend . especially if working oils , oftentimes you 'll have hours to days to fix this . if you 're working on acrylics , your window is down to minutes . they are so fast drying . take your towel , basically very simply wipe the paint away . be thorough with this , keep wiping until basically , very little paint is coming off on your paper towel . if your paper towel is saturated , get another one . do n't stop just because you ran out of paper towels . now your canvas is relatively pure again . it 's not going to be exactly how a bare canvas is , but it 's going to be good enough for you to start coming back in here with your red . i 'm going to come back in here and blend her up over the blue however you like it , now the blue is a lot more subdued . you have a red here , and all because you took the time , basically to wipe it away and repaint . that is the biggest thing . do n't ever think of a painting as a static thing . i 've even seen paintings entirely dry where an artist goes 'no , i 'm not happy ' and they 'll paint even over the dry under painting completely .
3sQki2OFgZs these are as , if you have n't picked it up , kind of my favorite thing to do is to show movement . i like when the head looks like it just got flipped , and it 's fanned out . it gives it attitude , makes it seem more lifelike , like an actual real human being . and , you can maybe think of , whoever is viewing it , can see themselves maybe more in it , as opposed to just a starchy standing there , model posing . this is n't a pose , it 's caught in the middle of something , it 's lifelike . kind of like a secret , like you 've caught them at the wrong moment but , the wrong moment becomes right , that 's what this hairstyle is . and , start with the part . and , like i said flip the hair so it 's going to fan out , and this is another thing you can do , if like this , this one i did n't this with , but sometimes you may have , if you 're drawing sunglasses , you might realize , oh no , i do n't know how to draw that , i ca n't think , i ca n't , it does n't look right . here 's where , like i said before , you can cover the eye , just cover the sunglasses , flip it out . so , no one can tell you that was n't your original vision . nobody knows except you .
FxqAdLHW6Cw my name is tim cole , i 'm with austin reptile service , i 've been keeping reptile amphibians for over forty years and we 're here to talk about cleaning turtle shells . and , the first thing that comes to my mind is why ? because naturally , in the wild , turtles do have algae growing on their shells . and one of the things that helps them do is camouflage . and it might even attract some smaller fish that want to eat the algae which , in turn , could be a food source for the turtle . so , granted , it may not look nice , it 's a natural thing and i would n't worry too much about it , i would n't try to take it off . if you use any cleaning chemicals on a turtle you might actually do more harm than good . one of the ways you could get algae off a shell is if you dry dock a water turtle for a little while , just kept him out of the water long enough for that to dry up . but , that would make him uncomfortable and i think the best thing is just leave it and do n't worry about it . if you have algae growing on the shell on the turtle that your keeping in the house , that 's a good sign that you 've got good lighting on your aquarium .
ccrwvGYIqyg pick a number , now pick a color . ah , here 's your future . today , my name is robert segundo , and i 'm going to teach you how to make a paper fortune teller . what we 're going to do , is we 're going to start with a square piece of paper , and we 're going to take it , and we 're going to fold it in half , like so . let 's open it up . i 'm going to fold it in half again , there we go . let 's open it up . now we 're going to take these corners , and fold them into the center , like so , like so , all the way around , until we have our square , like so . now let 's flip it over . we 're going to take these corner points and pull them in as well , on all four sides , like so . now after we 've done with that , we 're just going to fold it in half . now these little flaps here are going to be your initial flaps . so what we 're going to do , we 're just going to kind of stick our fingers under the flaps , like so , and we 're going to kind of take it and force it into this shape , like this . and then you can play your game . and it says , anthony is so into you . my name is robert segundo , and this is your paper fortune teller .
cd1IeCWKPZ0 now moving on we 're going to talk about our windows . now there really is nothing as disgusting as windows that are filthy and what i would like to just , one point i think is very important . now i have these screens , these guards in the window . now the reason why i have these , if you do n't have them i would recommend that you get them because it helps keep your bathroom clean and here 's why . when you open the window you know , you want to make sure that you do n't have all those elements and the dust from outside coming in because that is where dust comes from . it comes from the outside mostly especially if you live close to a farm like we do . so you want to make sure that these screens are protecting your bathrooms from getting just thick layers of dust every time you open your windows . so make sure if you are having your windows open to get some fresh air , make sure your screens are n't clogged as well but we 'll talk about that in the next point .
ahPedg4SiYQ hi . when you 're working on teaching your dog not to bark , one of the best ways to do it is to teach your dog to bark on command . so that gives you an opportunity to reinforce your dog for barking , and an ability to ignore when they bark off of command . so , with positive reinforcement , you would find an opportunity when your dog typically barks . reward that , name it , so when you ask your dog to speak , your dog will bark and then that gives you the opportunity again to ignore the behavior when it is given without the command . the other thing you would do with barking off command is to manage the behavior . it 's reinforcing for most dogs to bark , so you , when a dog barks , looking out the window , seeing someone coming , you would acknowledge what your dog is barking about , and then , require or request that they cease barking , and if they do n't then you would manage the behavior . remove them from the stimulus , the window , maybe crate them , redirect them . give them something different to do . a reward would be anything your dog would find reinforcing . it could be a toy , it could be a small treat . many dogs do n't find dry foods to be particularly reinforcing . so , soft treats , things that are n't bad for them in large quantities . cooked chicken , dog treats that do n't have a lot of preservatives and additives in them work especially well . lady , speak . kay . speak . good .
b-GWqAkT_gg hi . this is yolanda vanveen on behalf of expert village . in this series , we 've learned all about composting and how to make a compost heap . the question i get a lot and one that , luckily , i have n't had a problem with is what to do when your compost heap stinks . you know , just like garbage , if it has a big pile of it and it 's not getting any air , it starts to stink . but , there are some very easy solutions and with a compost heap , if it 's smelling , it means it 's not getting enough air . it 's not getting oxygen . an easy trick is to just mix in some dried leaves , sawdust or anything that 's really airy ( even newspapers ) in with your pile . crumble them up and that way , it can get aerated a bit . never add anything to your compost pile that is going to decompose that really stinks like meat or anything that is a milk product because it 's dangerous to your compost pile . you do n't want to do it and it 's probably going to make it stink in time . so , just mixing it up with a pitchfork , adding sawdust and adding anything organic that is brown . so if it stinks , you need more brown material . most of the time , green materials are the grass clippings and the leaf clippings and things that are green where as brown is once everything has dried ( so , leaf clippings that you add are going to be brown ) . if you add a little bit of brown material , your compost heap should not smell anymore . so in the next segment , we will talk about how to make your compost heap into a flower bed .
cihw5_CUyjM hello christi ferretti with expert village . i wan na give you a few tips today about storing things in your freezer . were gon na use meat as an example today but of course you can freeze a lot of different items . when freezing things you want to consider the packaging that it is already in for example for the meats its in a thin plastic wrap in a styrofoam tray . you wan na keep these things in the tray or the styrofoam packaging from the grocery store and then do a little extra guardage by putting it in a ziploc bag or wrapping it in a heavy duty aluminum foil . try to use a commercial heavy grade foil that will keep it from losing texture and its flavor . you can do this for up to two months in your freezer at home . you also want to use the first in first out method with your freezer you wan na make sure you take out the older items and put the newer ones in the back so that your suing the things you put in there first before the newer items . again you have two months so you have to keep track of it . now oftentimes when you put things in the freezer they kinda become mystery meat so make sure that you get some tape and use a permanent marker and label and date the item with what it is and when you put it in . that way you can ensure you keep track of that two month mark and that you get the best freshness and the best flavor out of your meat or any other item you put in the freezer .
cizJa-rBQP0 hello , my name is officer mike roach . i 'm with the utah department of wildlife resources . today i 'd like to talk briefly about how to become an arkansas game warden . like the state here in utah , you need to be a citizen of the united states , or be able to become a naturalized citizen of the united states . you must be at least twenty-one years of age . in most states in the united states , you 're going to become a peace officer after you become a game warden and you need to be at least twenty-one . you also have to be able to pass an interview , a fairly extensive interview and pass a written examination as well . you 'll will also be required to take a physical exam and take a physical test . a lot of what we do as game wardens both here in utah and in arkansas , you , there are some physical activity required and you need to be in good physical shape . you also need to be able to swim , a lot of your job will require you to work in a boat on the water and you need to be able to swim . you also need to have a driver 's license and you need to be able to relocate within the state of arkansas to where ever you might receive a job .
eVsDOWPXvv4 this is sean from expert village . in this clip we 're going to talk about the approach and actually getting on the copping of the abubaka . as i said , you 're going to want to go at a medium to fast pace up the ramp . again a good way to get speed on a mini like this is jump the spine and get a good pump off of it . when you get up to the ramp , you are going to want to take your front wheel and when your front wheel hits the copping , kind of pull up a little bit to clear your weight and your bike so you can land right on the edge . again if you land too far forward , when you go to hop back you 're going to case and fall backwards where as the same at too far down on it , you 're not going to stick and fall down and hit your crank , possibly snap a chain . when you get up there , pull your brake , slam into the copping stick it good and tight and that way you can kind of keep your balance . you do n't want to lean too far on either side or front or back at this point .
038vE9JsU9I here is some tools and supplies that you need to maintain your saxophone . first off i 'm going to start off with a little baby powder . we 'll use a dollar bill in conjunction with the baby powder . we 've got a little bit of soap here , some contact cement as you can get at any hardware store , key oil , we also have some thread locker . i like the blue because it is removable . we have cork grease here , which is a necessity , we have a little cleaning brush , a regular old paintbrush , a small flathead screwdriver , a large flathead screwdriver or a phillips head screwdriver you might need depending on what brand of saxophone you have . some duck-billed pliers , some four ought steel wool , some round nosed pliers , a cleaning snake as well as a lacquer cloth . and those are the tools and supplies needed for saxophone maintenance .
ElaF_ejo_tI hi ! i 'm sean with expert village and i 'm going to show you tips and tricks for doing math in your head . squaring large numbers gives a lot of people problems , but there 's a simple trick that can help out when squaring a 2 digit number that ends in 5. let 's take 65 squared as an example . we take the first digit , which is 6 , and multiply it by itself plus 1 . 6x ( itself+1 ) is 6x7 , which equals 42. we then simply add 25 to the end for an answer of 4225. whenever you 're doing math in your head , the most important part is being able to visualize the numbers . the more you practice , the better you 're going to get .
DvleK-t0Tr0 the next traveling step i 'm got to show you is called the shuffle . what we 're going to do is we 're going to change our weight from one side to the other . it 's almost like the ball change , the shuffle ball change from ballet . you 're going to take your right foot , put your weight on it , back on your left , and forward on your right . i usually do this on my toes , bring your left foot forward , one , two , three , right foot , left foot , right foot , left foot , right foot , left foot . so again , the shuffle ball change or the shuffle would be one two three , one two three , one two three , one two three , one two three , left right left , right left right , left right left , right left right , left right left , right left right , right left right , left right left . and that 's the shuffle . one way to get yourself around in circles and move around the room whenever you need to make great space it 's a beautiful and elegant way to get around from place to place . again the shuffle . right left right , left right left , right left right , left right left , right left right , left right left . and that 's the shuffle .
azQqsfnTGgs in this clip we 're going to show you how to apply hair color , for hair touch up . so , the hair touch up regrowth of the hair is when you come in , and you already have full color on your hair , and your roots are showing . i , for example : am going to show you my head for a minute , what it looks like . i have two toned hair right now and decided not to do my hair color to show you . as you see here the roots of my hair are darker , it has gray hair , about twenty five percent gray , and i have here lighter hair , and lighter shades of hair , so if i were to touch up my hair , i would only to the root here . so , the application for that would be just me hitting the root of my hair just going like this and putting it on the root of the hair , exactly where it belongs . o.k , so the application , we do it on the root , do not overlap on the hair , i would not want to go over my light hair because then it 's going to get lighter , and it 's not going to look as nice . o.k , so no overlapping . that means just not going over the previously colored hair , just touching the root , that 's why it 's called a retouch on new growth of hair .
aCc-DzPTDo4 yolanda vanveen : hi . this is yolanda vanveen with expert village . next , i 'm going to talk about how to select flower bulbs . when you 're at the farmers market or the grocery store or anywhere where you actually have the choice to pick out a flower bulb , there are different things that i look for to find out if it is a good flower bulb and if it 's going to produce for me . tulip bulbs are pretty simple to check out . if it looks like a hershey 's kiss candy , it 's firm , it 's got a nice point to it , it looks like some roots are actually starting to grow on it , this is considered a good bulb . these are alliums ; they 're in the onion family . if it looks kinda fleshy , it 's got paper on it although even the paper around the bulb , if it 's gone , and the bulb still looks fine , it 's still a fine bulb ; there 's nothing wrong with it . i got dutch iris ; it 's already staring to shoot . well , it 's january and i want it to bloom this spring , so it 's a great bulb to pick out for right now , and even if it had a little bit of a shoot in the fall , over the winter , my irises are very hardy that even if it freezes or there 's snow on them , there 's a little shoot coming out of the ground in the middle of winter ; it does n't hurt them at all . so , i 'm not afraid to buy bulbs that have a little bit of a shoot . sometimes , if it 's really tall and falling over and it does n't look that good , the greenery , then i would still buy it 'cause the bulb is what matters . so , you can always cut off the greenery . you might not get a bloom this year but you still got a bulb for years to come . and if there 's no sign of growth but it 's still firm , it 's still fine as long as it 's firm and it 's not mushy ; that 's the deal . plants like amaryllis belladonnas ; they 're kind of a soft bulb , kinda spongy even so sometimes people will say , `` how come it 's spongy ? what 's wrong with it ? '' and i always tell them , `` there 's nothing wrong with it . '' it is a fine bulb . it looks alive . i can always take my fingernail and kinda rub a part of it and it 's still gotten like a potato inside . this bulb is fine . if it was dry or black or mushy then it would be no good . these are scilla peruvianas or cuban lilies they call them sometimes . they 've got a shoot , they do n't bloom till april or may so , even in the winter time , middle of winter , i plant them , and they 're great 'cause the foliage will come out and they 'll look really good even through the winter . this looks like a fine bulb . there are lots of babies so i got quadruplets . so , instead of a mom and babies , i 've got quadruplets . so , there have been a lot of scientific studies done that say keeping bulbs in family units , they produce much better than one by itself or just separating one or mixing them up with other bulbs , but if you try to keep them even when dividing into same groups , they seem to do much better . daffodils are beautiful plants too . same thing , if you 've got a mama and a baby , that 's a bonus bulb . you 've got a family unit and she 's going to do much better and you 're going to have many , many , many more plants over the years . so , those are a few tips on selecting bulbs . let 's talk about what kinds of problems or what should i do if the bulb does n't look very good .
dnP9UN0x5c4 stephen koepfer : on behalf of expert village , my name is stephen koepfer of new york combat sambo in new york city , and today we 're going to show you sambo combinations . okay , this sambo combination involves two different throws in the event if your first throw fails . i 'm going to attempt to do a foot sweep on my opponent and i 'm going to switch into a kick-up throw or a podhvat under one leg . he steps over . i switch to that , okay ? that 's the podhvat , the second throw . now , i 'll do at full speed . i attempt the foot sweep , he evades , and i transition right into a podhvat . again , you control your opponent , hold the arm , you can either strike or if you wanted to , arm bar . so , it 's always important , again , to control your opponent no matter what your intention is to strike or to continue on to a submission . always after a takedown , control your opponent . it 's critical .
4MXwmQ7Ht6E we 're ready now to talk about how this hem is going to look when we 're , when we 're finished . we need to turn it under and pin it , but let me show you why we are going to pin it the way we do . so , like we said , this first mark is our new hem length . this mark is going to be the top of the cuff . this mark is the bottom of the cuff . and this mark is what 's turned underneath . this this hem is what 's turned underneath and hidden away on the inside of the pants . so , when we do this cuff , what we want to do is , make sure this is on top , this is going to be right at the top . and it 's going to be up here . and this mark and this mark are both one and and one-fourth inch away from the top of the cuff . so , what we want to do is make this mark and this mark meet . and so we just want to grab this mark , and just pinch it , just like this so it is there on top . and just bring it over . your going to hold it . and you can see . there 's a mark here and a mark here . i 'll have to put my thumb there . my fingernail . feel it . i can tell that it is right there on top . but if you 're not quite for sure , just grab a pin , and just stick it in , right where that one mark is and bring it out and look it goes right through to the other mark . so , i know that 's perfectly where i need it . and , so since we know that . this is what the hem is going to look like . we 're just going to fold it up again so you can see how well that 's going to look . so , like i said , this is the top of the cuff and the bottom of the cuff . and the final hem . so , in the next clip . i 'll show you how to pin it all the way around and then we 'll close it up in a few steps later . so , let 's get started pinning this down .
1W4YokNwUtY standing side flexions with the weights by side . an exercise for an area right here in the middle section of your body . you 're going to stand up tall , and i want to show you from the side that your hips are going to be tucked in , and your belly is going to be in . without letting the shoulders hump like this . so you really want to keep it tall and just like if you 're looking into your zipper right here you 're going to tuck those hips . okay , your knees are going to be slightly bent as you do that . so when you keep your weights by the side make sure that you 're also keeping your chest tall by squeezing your back muscles , bringing the shoulders down by using the back . keeping your feet under your hips , parallel , bending the knees a little bit with the tuck in vacuuming your tummy . you 're going to take an inhale and reach with the weight , exhale coming up . make sure that your head follows the line of the spine , meaning the head is going to want to do this . and you see that this alignment right here . so you want to keep the line going up all the way to the crown of the head . exhale . inhale . exhale . do a few , make sure you do same number on one side and the other , and you 'll have good looking core before you know it . see you soon .
4V5_CwSgAek hi ! my name is leslie moselle and i 'm from tampa , florida , and on behalf of expert village i 'm going to demonstrate the multiple uses of makeup applicators . lesson eight : the eye shadow brush , also known as a blending brush . it 's actually used as like its name , a blending brush . after you 've applied your first layer of your eye shadow and once you 've used your sponge , your application sponger , the basic use of the blending is just to get into those colors that you want a softer look and to blend the two together . the blending brush , although it is a soft brush , it actually is firm enough that you can get into those hard to reach places and into the crease of the eye . the blending brush is more of a newer brush that a lot of people do n't use , but i actually like to use it to apply all of my eye shadow . not just for blending or highlighting , but i actually like to use it for a lot of it because it 's easy to apply the eye shadow using the brush and it 's pretty dependable . that is the blender brush .
_Dh512GX6d8 before i apply the wax to the face i want to test the temperature of it . if you burn the skin on the face , if the wax is too hot , it will burn and it will scab and it will take several days to heal and sometimes scar , so you do n't want to do that . so take the time to test the temperature of the wax . start by dipping your stick in and if the wax , pours straight off , i 'm going to do this a couple of times so you can see , if the wax pours straight off that 's way too hot to go on the face . there 's no wax staying on the stick so i ca n't use that wax . another way to do that is , remember how you used to test , some people remember how you test a baby 's bottle . you touch it to the inside of your wrist . that 's too hot , you do n't put that on the face . your face is more sensitive than any other area and the only other area that is even close to that is right here to the inside of your wrist . so if that 's too warm for there then it 's definitely too warm for your face . what you 're actually looking for is the wax to be thick enough , see , to not drip off the stick . that 's the thickness that you 're looking for . if it runs off , it 's too hot , sometimes the edges are a little thicker , if it does n't run off that 's ready to go , that wax is the right temperature to put on your face . again if you 're not sure , test the wax on the inside of your wrist and i would recommend doing a test , a heat test until you 're familiar with what 's not too hot . you definitely do n't want to burn yourself . so test your temperature of your wax before you touch your face .
cW3xiVm2R_c okay , now we need to get the bait on the hook . now this can be a little bit interesting because now we 're dealing with a live creature and we ca n't always predict how they 're going to react to this whole concept . here 's a decent sized shiner that we use . you can see he 's still pretty alive . we have two ways of putting this hook through . we can take it once through the lips behind the eyeball and up through the back of the head which can keep him pretty much alive for quite a while . notice he 's really quite active . another opportunity that we can use is to hook him underneath the dorsal fin just below the backbone , not damaging any of the organs and letting him hang like this . either way a crippled minnow is going to attract a lot of attention .
CFHzSFK56l0 i would characterize myself as being sort of the accidental ceo . i started my company but really i do n't think in a small company when you are pretty much the whole company to start with that you are really much of a ceo . you sort of grow into it . when my company passed a certain size we eventually had 50 full time employees and another 200 hourly part time employees and it was a big job . that is when you have to develop your ceo skills so i would characterize myself as being sort of an accidental ceo . i do know that when i started that one of the things i tried to do over and over again is , i was using the skills of a professor . and i expected my company would be sort of collegial and would make decisions together and that is not how it works . the ceo 's role is to make the decisions with the council and the input of other people so you really learn on the job and you learn as you go . well i needed a job and if you have been a college professor , you are not very good at working for other people so i think that is probably the principle reason why i did it . i am not a terrific employee and i eventually learned how to be a successful ceo . well it 's interesting in large companies you can think of it as a career pathway . you start with a company and you move up and then once you get to that level you may move from company to company to where the opportunities open up . there is really not a career path for the ceo . it really is a long grueling sort of race and only the relatively few have all the skills it takes to do it , ultimately to get the job or keep it and it is interesting . it is sort of a combination of people who have great will and personal passion and are high achievers but also are able to control their own egos and that and recognize that once you become a ceo you are really working through everybody else . it is not really what you do it is what other people are willing to do for you and for the firm .
FIDFw9Q1VFQ hi , my name is jane murphy i 'm a chef here at zen clay cafe in morgantown , west virginia and i 'm going to be showing you how to make a heart healthy lentil soup on behalf of expert village . okay now that our lentil soup is cooked of course our last step is to put it into our bowl . put it on our table and enjoy eating it . you can also serve it with some heart healthy bread , a salad with a fat free dressing and you 're good to go .
D0iuBDSfydw a great variation of the smith grind is to learn how to do it front side one-eighty out . the way that this trick works is , once you get into a smith grind , which you should know how to do by now , is to point the board down , and front side one-eighty it out and land fakie and roll away . what 's cool about this trick is that since your board is pointed in a downward position , it makes it very easy to get good ollies out . so this is one way you can capitalize and use that to your advantage , and do a really clean front side one-eighty . so , for the front side smith grind it 's the exact same positioning of your feet , and the exact same feeling of the original first part of the smith grind , only now , you 're going to follow through with your shoulders a little more , and when the board is pointed down , front side one-eighty out , and land fakie . some of the tricks that you want to make sure that you know how to do , is first be able to front side smith grind . it 's also going to help you if you can do a front side fifty-fifty one-eighty out , since the motion is very similar . so remember , front side smith grind is going to work better if you make sure that you lean back and you 're able to pop out . a lot of people will accidentally do a smith grind one-eighty out when learning how to do a smith grind , but maybe not roll away . what ends up happening is that the board sticks , and they seem to fling it out , and it ends up going front side one-eighty . so this trick is just capitalizing on the fact that the motion is already there , and you can learn it , and you can harness that , and have a really clean front side one-eighty . so that 's how you do a front side smith grind one-eighty out .
dMSD3TMIf64 hi ! i 'm john brown on behalf of expert village . i am service manager of high road cycles in wayne , pennsylvania and today we are going to learn how to boot a tire . what i mean by that is sometimes when you get a flat tire it is caused by a large hole in the side of your actual tire . if you were to put another inner tube in and bring it up to pressure , that inner tube would burst out of that hole once again . you can either call someone to come and pick you up or fix it on the spot very easily . what you are going to use is a dollar bill . money is very interesting in that it is woven , not necessarily paper so it will hold pressure . what we are going to do is when re-installing the inner tube or new inner tube for that matter , you are going to put a folded dollar bill in front of that slash mark . what that is going to do is hold the pressure of the inner tube from bursting through the tire and get you home . however once you do get home , you want to replace the tire .
CuV4xbu8R7Q in this example i 'm going to use the c major chord for this finger style variation , and again i 'm going to use a hammer-on but showing you guys some different variations of how you can use a hammer on in a finger style pattern . in this example using the c major chord , i 'm going to play this . and what i 'm doing here is on the d string i 'm starting with the hammer on and going to the root note of c , and then simply doing almost a banjo roll , right there . that could almost be kind of like a half of a banjo roll . and just repeating it over and over again . so i 'm going . so slowed down that 's going to be . and let the notes ring through as you 're playing . you 're not stopping , muting anything . you 're simply letting them all ring out as you 're playing them . and that 's using a c major chord with a hammer on in another finger style variation .
BGijBIFry44 i 'm going to show you how to make a sensei on the rocks . we 're going to start off with our rocks , of course . pour that into your glass . and then we 're going to add to that one ounce of kahlua , or any coffee flavored liqueur really , there we go . then we 're going to add one ounce of coconut rum , mmm , mmm , mmm . and then we 're going to add in a splash of jack daniels . now , it 's up to you . i like a stronger drink so i 'm going to add a little bit more , but the amount that you add in is going to make your drink stronger or weaker so it 's totally up to you how much you want to put in . lastly , we 're going to add in milk the rest of the way , there we go . we 're going to shake that up . there we are , mmm , mmm , mmm . and we 're going to pour this into our rocks glass just like that . do n't forget your stirry straw . and bottoms up , sensei on the rocks .
FJ4ixIH6EL0 now , if you 're watching this video , you might or not be a competitor , but if you are indeed a competitor , i want you to know if you 're not aware that a pin has a certain requirement . you ca n't win a match with a pin of twenty-five seconds . however , you need to realize that a pin is not just covering the person but covering them the right way . if my leg or any other part of my body , lower body that is , is between her legs , this is not a pin . this is not a pin . a pin has to have bottom and legs outside of her guard . this right here is a pin . if i put my hands between her legs even just like this , this is still a pin . this is a side pin . kesaigatame . lower inside position . kesaigatame on the other side . and the full mount , just like this , if you insert your legs and spread them out this is still a pin . point being is as long as you are away from her guard and there 's not even a half guard , then you are safe and not only that but you are pinning the opponent . and you have to make sure both shoulders are down the mat . if she were to turn around and face completely down , you might be covering your opponent but you are not pinning your opponent . rules state that both shoulders need to be down . now you 're wondering how is this useful in a self-defense position , turn around please , it is said that if you hold down an opponent long enough in a pin , their desire to fight will go away . and this has been proven , personally i 've seen it , you hold down the opponent , after a time if they notice that there 's nothing they can do to you , there 's no real point in continuing the fight , and their anger will subside .
Co3RJCul1wM alright , now we 're going to talk about adding other sounds . basically once you got your structure down , you got your drum pattern , you got your main sounds , the samples that you like . this is when you want to start adding other sounds in there . but just kind of feel the groove . you may want to add a bass line . you may want to add keys , strings , whatever you just feel this is when you would be starting to add your other sounds . you may want to add more percussion in there . start fooling with the grooves and everything like that . what we 're going to do is , what i did with that track i started adding some more string sounds . and i kind of did some low string sounds and i did some high string sounds with that . and then i added another little drum break beat in there that i got from another drum song just to switch it up . so what we 're going to do is i 'm going to take you to the beat and let you see some of the things that we did . check it out . alright some of the sounds that i decided to add , after listening to the sample that i had it reminded me of something . it reminded me of jaws . so what actually i did , i added some jaws little sounds in there to just give it that feel . now i did n't copy it all the way , but i just kind of added some jaws sounds in there . so when people hear it they sounds a little familiar , but it 's not a direct copy . i 'm going let you just hear the strings that i added to give it that jaws feel . check it out . you hear that little jaws kind of sound in there , them two notes . i 'm going to add the add the high hat in there so you can hear it , hear it with the rhythm . this is a little drum beat up . so you kind feel that groove . here 's the drum part again . so now i 'm going to play it with everything so you can get the whole feel of how we added the other sounds . we started with a drum beat and how we added the sample and how we played the strings in there . check it out .
2z7yapVQi4A okay , right now we are on a port tack and what that means is that the wind is coming over our port side and the boom and the jib are over on the starboard side and as , as we , in order to go upwind we have to tack back and forth and change tacks and so we may want to go from a port tack , which we are on there , where the wind is on the port side , to a starboard tack where the wind is on the starboard side . and the way that we would do that , is there 's commands that you need to communicate with your crew and make sure that they know what you 're about to do , and the command is `` prepare to come about '' , and when they are ready , and i 'll explain that in a second , what that is , when they 're ready , they will say `` ready '' , if they 're not ready , they will say `` no '' , and as we , they will be ready when the person , you have a working sheet , the one on , which is on starboard right now , where ed is , and is , that 's where the tension is on the jib sheet . and then you have a lazy sheet , or the one on port right now , where kelly is . you see how it 's slack by the jib and so what we are going to do is , when we come about , ed is going to have to release his side on starboard . okay . and kelly is going to pull in on her side , and `` ready about '' . `` ready '' , ed is over here , ready to release . `` ready '' , and kelly is ready to pull . and then the command is `` helm , to lee '' , i am going to put , turn the tiller as , or the wheel , so that the boat turns into the wind . i 'm turning into the wind now , and ed releases and kelly pulls it in on the other side . and as soon as the main sail is on one side , we release , we stop turning and we are sailing now on a starboard tack . and as you can see the wind is now coming over the starboard side of the boat , and the sails are on the , have changed sides of the boat and they are right now on the port side of the boat . `` helm to lee '' . okay , talk us through it steve , talk us through it . okay , the sail comes over on the aft , i put my additional wraps on at the very end . if you do it quickly , you do n't need to winch it in . i was a little slow on that tack , so i 'm going to winch it in a little . when you are around the winches you want , you always want to keep the heel of your hand toward the winch , do n't point your fingers down here , keep the heel in that direction .
3UJQSGAyuk8 on behalf of expert village , i 'm stephen koepfer at new york combat sambo in new york city , and today i 'm going to be demonstrating beginning sambo . in this clip , we 're going to demonstrate the basic back roll . this is very important encase you fall backwards and you need to protect your head and body . we 'll start from a simple position standing neutral and we 're going to sit on one leg keeping the other leg forward . we 're going to tuck our head to our chin and roll over one shoulder tucking our head to the other side so we do n't roll directly over our neck . we 'll do it once slow . sit down , roll over your shoulder and not over you head . once again fast . sitting on one leg , kicking the other leg up . stand right back up .
bWVThlsOpZg my name is koyel mandal . i 'm a fisheries economist with a non-profit group , called ocean conservancy . we 're a national non-profit organization , and we work for wild healthy oceans . we have offices , we 're headquartered in washington , d.c. and , we have offices from the pacific , to the gulf of mexico , and on the east coast . in our industry , it all depends on what you want to do . i mean , if you want to stick to the sector and work in the environmental sector through out your career , then , you could gain experience and become an expert in the field . and , you can either raise up the ladder in the organization , or you can move to bigger organizations , multi-ladder organizations , like the world bank , united nations . those are some current opportunities that a lot of people go for , or , when you gain experience , you 're also hired as analysts , as advisers to different senators and congressman when they work on fisheries policies , environmental policy , they would hire you as experts and advisers in the field . so , it really depends on your motivations , what , where you want to take your career . some people go for consulting , private consulting . they leave the sector and they open their own consulting firms . so , again , you can keep working in the sector , and go where you want , or you can switch directions , and use the experience you got and apply it to some other profession .
ahch9_qa0ms do you have a home poker game ? my name is dean hale , poker pro and let me tell you a little bit about where you could find a tabletop and some poker chips so you can play poker at your home game . you can go online , there 's various merchants online where you can go online and you can type in poker tabletop or you can type in poker chips . you can go online and find out the various prices . there 's going to be a range in prices depending upon the quality of the tabletop or the quality of the chips . so take your time , decide what kind of equipment you 'd like to have before you purchase and then you can check out the prices . you can also , there 's a lot of local retailers , some of the super centers and some of the bigger stores like sporting goods stores that will actually during the holidays and other times throughout the year , they will actually carry poker tabletops . now in one of the home games that i play in , we have a folding poker tabletop that folds , it tri-folds , so it folds up kind of neatly and we can put it off in the corner and bring it out when it 's time to play . you could also buy your chips , they come in metal cases , plastic cases , so you can buy your chips also at these , the local retailers , the local super centers because they do carry them . poker as you know has gotten very , very popular in america so there 's almost anywhere you go you could find the materials that you 'll need to play poker . so just to recap , you could look online , remember there 's shipping involved , or you can buy from a local retailer during or during , during the holiday season or even during non-holiday seasons where you 'll be able to pickup your poker merchandise . there are even some poker specific stores that are opening up so check your yellow pages out also , it may give you a guide on where to go . my name is dean hale , good luck buying your tabletop and your chips . thanks .
FpSN0NBfZW8 paddle signals are an important way to communicate from the lead raft to the trip leader or from the trip leader back to the sweep . so coming up with some basic paddle signals are advantageous to your group . some of the commonly recognized paddle signals would be a go , which is a paddle straight up , also you can do that with just your hand , which would be a hand straight up , this means go . stop , which is an important paddle stroke to have means this , paddle across the river , you can also do without a paddle with your arms out like this , this means stop . with rafting you always point to the direction you want to go so , if you want to go to the river right , you paddle to the river right , if you want to head to the opposite direction turn your paddle to the opposite direction . you guys , have an emergency , they tend to spin the paddle in the air and use a whistle and blow the whistle to get people  s attention . this means you have an emergency situation on the river . beyond those simple paddling commands you also can come up with your own group paddling commands so that you  re able to communicate with one another . this means i need a first aid kit , sort of commonly used throughout the area , there are other paddling commands like come , or slow down , that you can use , depending on how big a group you , uh , you  re out there with and how often you paddle together will pretty much determine how complicated your paddle signals will become .
aeLalvY48GI this is anthony and i am going to talk about how to become a freelance photographer . the first thing that you want to remember about becoming a freelance photographer is can i go on assignment in a moment 's notice because when you are freelancing it is kind of your day revolves around your schedule and who you are working for but it could all change in a heart beat and i know first hand how that goes . that is one of the things that you really need to remember is am i flexible , am i willing to do what i have to do to get the assignment and get the job done ? number two , is how to become a freelance photographer , how do you break into it ? most freelance photographers approach newspapers , organizations , that need photographers , that need spot photography , a great place to look for these types of situations would be newspapers . a lot of state capitals , a lot of school districts , a lot of sports , they might just need someone right away and then you could step in . another important factor of having this piece of equipment is essential to becoming freelance photographer , you need a cell phone . i used to have at least two cell phones and a pager when i first started because if you are starting to really getting successful people are going to be calling you and if you do n't pick up that phone or answer that text they are going to call the next person and it is sort of irritating at times but if you have that type of personality that knows how to return a phone call quickly to an editor or to anybody offering you an assignment , then you 'll do pretty well and number two , you are going to want to get a portfolio together because nobody is going to hire you sight unseen . they are going to want to see some work whether it is a portfolio . even nowadays i feel a blog will do , just something so they see who you are , what you 've done and what you can do . then from there you start to build up a reputation for what kind of work you do , how fast you can do it and what type of style you like . i always tell my students as they always told me develop a nitch , develop something that you are really good at , whether it be political , sports , it could be really just about anything . one of my colleagues used to do conventions . he was just a great convention photographer and he lived in chicago where there are lots of conventions so he kind of had a market on the convention angle where they would call him up and he would go . freelancing in general is not anything that you can depend on and that is something that as i got a little more mature i found to be not a very good aspect of being a freelance photographer but if you can build up your client base where you have someone calling you once , twice , three times a week you have that confidence that you are going to be able to make that money . so that is always something i try to warn people about when you are working as a freelance photographer and that is essentially how you become a freelance photographer .
5hwbFwEFp-U for kids ' safety today , i 'd like to discuss a lapel grab or somebody grabbing you by your clothing . an important thing to remember is , it is only clothing . you are more important than any shirt , jacket , what have you , whatever . so you need to remember that you may have a torn shirt or you may actually have to lose your shirt . if you are being grabbed by the clothing -- and that 's all that they have , they do n't have any other part of you -- your only escape might be just to take the shirt off and go . but , before you do that , you might want to try an escape where you 're going to duck underneath the arm and you 're going to use your hands and pull it off . pull it off , yank it off , however you want to do it , but you need to get them off of you . your goal is to escape . your goal is to get away from this person as fast as you can . so , once they grab you , you need to escape quickly . they 're grabbing you because they might be trying to kick you . they might be trying to hit you . maybe they 're going to try to drag you somewhere , or maybe they 're just yelling at you . so , you want to get out of here as quickly as you can . so , what you need to do , is you 're going to duck underneath , take those hands and yank that off and escape that direction . so , keeping yourself safe from a lapel grab requires you just to react quickly , ducking and twisting and escaping as quickly as you can .
e8jiKkp6nmM we 're talking about skateboarding parts and maintenance . today we 're going to talk about truck maintenance . tightening and loosing the trucks is important to having your complete skateboard adjusted to your preferred settings . tighter trucks means it 's harder to turn looser trucks means it 's easier to turn . to tighten trucks use the appropriate size wrench turn the nut on top of the king pin truck in a clockwise position . turning it in a clockwise position will tightening the trucks and cause them more resistant to turning . loosing the trucks will provide opposite effect making them looser and easier to turn . the most important thing is having your trucks almost equally balance but some people prefer differences in their trucks . i for example like to ride my back trucks slightly tighter than my front trucks , the front trucks do more of the turning so having a looser front truck means i can turn easier by leaning without having to always use the tail . most importantly make sure your trucks are about as loose or even as each other . you can do this by backing the nuts completely off and inserting them and counting the number of rotations you made on the actual nut .
C2jUaDF1do0 you have made a beautiful card and now you want to make your own envelope . so that 's what we 're going to do . my name is janet casto . i 'm your independent demonstrator with stampin ' up and here 's how i like to make envelopes using this template . all i 've done is taken a piece of card stock , trace the template that i need and there is different sizes you can get . this one has as small as 1 and 1/2 and as large as 3 x 2 so you can make any size envelope that you 'd like . so once i 've traced it the next thing i 'm going to do is cut it out . so here i 've cut it out and then all i need to do is score along my lines and your template shows you where you need to score . so i 've scored and there is two ways to score . you could use your cutter scorer and score here or you can take your stylist and just line it up and push down in the groove . that 's another way to score . so now go ahead and fold your ends in , make sure everything is scored very nicely and it is and then you are just going to apply a little adhesive on one end , fold that up , and on the other end and fold that up and then you take your greeting card , whatever you have made , whatever you have stamped on it , whether it be a birthday card or an invitation , slide it into your envelope , do your last and final adhesive and seal your card and there you have it . a quick and easy envelope that will coordinate with your card . you can use designer 's series paper on the inside and really make a beautiful envelope . so i 'm janet casto , your independent demonstrator with stampin ' up . take your cards and embellishments and then use your envelopes to coordinate with them . you 'll have a lot of fun doing this and i 'll be looking for one in the mail .
_cC2lnfGzLs hi ! this is jim goettler with expert village and this is a video about how to form and operate a non-profit organization . in this segment , i am going to touch briefly on budget development . in other words , how you are going to develop a budget and to think like a 501 c-3 organization . although keeping in mind that you get to file those documents . we are doing all this in preliminary to the filing of those documents . the moment you incorporate with the state the articles of the corporation , you have 16 months to fill out those forms to go to the irs for your file determination . during that time , you need to act like a 501 which means that your budget needs to reflect your mission , needs to reflect who you are and needs to reflect what you are planning to do in a community so that when the time comes to file , you have all those proverbial ducks in a row . in the next segment , i am going to talk a little bit more about careful record keeping which is essential for any 501 c-3 organization . stay with me .
29bH60v5RgA hi , this is john stewart and this is how to select your water containers for a weekend camping trip . water is going to be the most important thing to plan for when making a camping trip . your body needs it all the time , especially when you 're exerting yourself like you will be hiking and camping . so you want to plan accordingly to how much water you 're taking and how you store it . easiest way to store water is in a bottle . you can use regular 20 ounce bottles if you have room for them and you can get some harder plastic bottles that are n't going to crack or break if you drop them out on the trail . they come in many different sizes , half liters , three-quarter liter , one liter bottles are the most common in the outdoor world , just cause it 's the exact amount of water for treating water . ok ? when you go camping you want to plan on taking at least one a half liters of water per day per person . ok ? so you need to have at least that much , or at least have the ways of treating that much water . ok ? but you always want to have one and a half liters of storage . when you store your water , most of the time you want to have it in arm 's reach of you . most packs have the water bottle holder right on each side of the pack where you can reach right behind you , grab that water bottle , pull it around , get you a swig of it , put it right back very easily without having to dig into the pack . other ways of storing your water is you can get a water bladder . most packs nowadays have a sleeve right up against your back to where you can pour your water in that , slide the bladder into the pack and straw comes out and comes around the front of you and you can suck on that straw and get your water . they come in many different sizes also . this is how you select and pack your water storage for a weekend camping trip .
Ebr7k43pTnY hey , this is jeff , the two wheeler dealer . i 'm going to show you how to adjust the angle of your handlebars . this is done with typically two five millimeter allen screws . just going to loosen both of these equally . should free up your handlebar to rotate . and what you 're looking for as far as proper positioning is the sweep of the handlebar coming back at a comfortable angle towards you as well as the brake lever being at a comfortable angle in line with your arms , your wrists and your hands . you do n't want them too low . you do n't want them too far back . otherwise you run the risk of jamming your wrists when you hit a bump . basically you 're looking to lay your hands right across the tops of them and have your fingers be in line straight with your arms . go ahead and tighten those five millimeter bolts back down . you want to tighten them equally . pay attention to the distance in the front of the clamp and the back . make sure that you tighten them evenly . now those are at the proper position . you 're comfortable braking . that 's how you properly adjust your handlebars .
bAyOaU525z4 okay , this is the part where we are going to pin down the top . what i do , this is a very much free spirit kind of project because it does n't have to be perfect . what i am going to do is make sure i leave enough room to easily get the ribbon through the top . and i put ribbon in the top because it is easier to get the bags out or to put large amounts of bags in through the top if you untie it and stretch it out . then i like to put elastic in the bottom so that your hand can reach in without the bags falling out . so i go ahead and try to get it nice and even . and i am going to go ahead and iron it just because it makes it a little easier to sew it if it is already ironed in place . plus it gives it a nice sharper edge at the top so it does n't look all poofy . that ? s how you fold down the top .
cU2yKPRglaM now i can demonstrate how to properly true the wheel . alright let 's take a close look at the final truing of this wheel . we 're also going to take note of the roundness of the wheel . if we put our feeler gages up so they 're just hitting the side of the rim here , and we make our way around , we see one spot where we 're just touching . there it is . now , because that spot is just touching on the left side , we want to de-tension the left side spokes and tension the right side spokes in that immediate area . if you put your spoke wrench on to the nipple , turning it counter clockwise as you look at it from the outside how you 're de-tensioning the spoke . by turning the spoke driver clockwise on a as you look at it from the outside of the wheel , you 're tensioning that spoke . so , we want to move the rim to the right slightly , i 'm going to add a little bit of tension here , and subtract a little bit of tension here . and that 's going to move that rim off to the right side . we 've done a little bit better , one more spot to work on . remember that wheel truing and wheel building is a series of small and fine adjustments . do n't get too crazy turning these nipples three or four turns , you 'll have a radically upset wheel . you want to do subtle adjustments , taking careful look at what you 've done at each step . here 's a way to confirm that you 've calculated your spokes correctly . when the final tension is in the wheel , you should see just the top of the spoke sticking into the slot of the nipple , should n't stick through the wheel , you do n't want to puncture your inner tube . but yet it should have full engagement in the nipple .
2NAwqNIwQwM hi , my name is sue , and i 'm going to show you how to do toe raises . when you 're doing toe raises , you want to have your feet about shoulder width apart , and you 're going to raise your toes up , keeping your heels firmly on the ground , upper body nice and relaxed . you want to try and stay balanced as you do this , so you 're going to raise them up , nice and slow . you 're going to lower them down . it 's almost as if someone is pulling them up towards the ceiling . maintaining your balance , and bringing it down . the longer you hold your toes at the top , the more you 're going to feel it , and you want to do this exercise thirty to fifty times , for thirty to fifty reps , and for an extra challenge , i suggest trying a flat band , and put it underneath the balls of your feet . raise them up at the same time , and then release . raise up the toes . put your weight back on your heels . when you 're doing your toes raises , you want to make sure that you do n't rock back on your heels . you want to try and maintain a nice steady stance . this is how you do your toe raises .
D77AOJNxQyA hi , i 'm candi cane canncel with expert village . so in this clip i 'm going to show you how to make handles for a really cool reusable grocery tote . i just cut from the vinyl two pieces that measure 19 '' x 3 1/2 '' and you can cut them longer or shorter depending on your preference . you 're going to be folding 1/2 '' on either side and basically just folding it over because it 's vinyl we 're actually going to stitch on the outside instead of trying to stitch on the wrong side and then turn it inside out . so just go ahead and stick a pin and you 're going to be doing this all the way down as well on the other side for your other handle . it 's a little awkward but you just do it at the same time folding them in and then pinning in . it helps if you have pins that are pretty strong to go through this vinyl so we 'll just keep going all the way . also because we are top stitching it will lay a lot flatter , so after you pinned your handles together you want to go ahead and stitch them . i 'm going to use this sewers aide which just makes vinyl sewing so much easier it just makes your needle glide into the fabric as well as your presser foot . i know the other option is they do sell teflon coated presser foots i think you can get them at specialty stores online but that 's another option , but this just seems easy and inexpensive . so just go ahead and you 're going to be stitching on both sides because you want this to lay as flat as possible so you 're just going to start on one end and go all the way down .
C4eORMISP3w hi . this is yolanda vanveen on behalf of expert village . in this series , we are learning all about how to start a compost heap . in this segment , we are going to talk about how to mulch with compost . so , when i use my own compost , i use it as the basis of my flower beds . so the first couple of inches , i 'll use my own compost and then i 'll use the garden center compost for the next four inches . in the fall is a great time to mulch because then you have all winter for the grass clippings and the leaves and the branches to break down and to compost by the spring . mulch is a great thing to use if you have some tender plants ; plants like cantalilies or dalias that wo n't make a really hard winter . all you have to do is put a couple inches or even six inches of mulch on top of them ( which is basically grass clippings or leaf clippings that have not turned into compost yet ) and by summer time , they are compost . so , it 's a really easy trick that you can use in your own garden . you do n't have to go out and buy mulch or compost . just use the leaves out of your own garden or use the grass clippings . or when you cut down your flowers when they turn brown , just leave them on top of the bed and put another layer of compost on top of that to hide it . there are so many easy tips and tricks to make your garden gorgeous using compost . the next tip we will talk about is why you should never use manure in your garden .
aoxdgLgKXLI amanda claire : okay . so we 're going to think about how do you get started on a circuit bending project . so let 's say you 've picked your toy , i 'm going to do a toy here , and you know you look at it you say , `` okay , well , you know , what sound ? what 's cool about this toy ? '' and this is just kind of a thought process that i go through . it makes a lot of different sounds that i like , you know , animal sounds . you know it also has kind of a like this little miniature keyboard up top you know which i think is kinda cool but that 's just my personal choice . and i can change the sound on that by picking a different , one of these . all right , so that 's cool but you might ask , `` okay . well not what ? now what am i supposed to do ? '' so the outline of how you do circuit bending is you open something up and then you really ca n't plan in advance what you 're going to do . all right , i 'm going to have to shut this thing off . okay there we go . you ca n't really plan in advance what you want to do . you have to kind of stumble upon it sort of through luck and through kind of spontaneously exploring the circuit board . and so we 'll talk about that but just keep in mind that you know you choose your toy based on the sounds that it makes , that it 's something that you like , but beyond that everything that happens next is pretty spontaneous and there 's a lot of luck involved in it too .
atX6ZxcC-5U the next point we 're going to do is gallbladder 30 , also called encircling leap . it 's a partner point to gallbladder 29 , and it 's literally just the other side of that bone , the femur , the big bone . in these heavily muscled dogs like cocoa , you go right behind that big muscle , and you 'll feel the end of the femur , and then you find the point . now you see cocoa 's lying down , and that 's fine . if you want to actually find the point ahead of time , and then lay the dog down on their side you can do it that way and sometimes that 's the easiest way to do that particular point . like the point above it , it 's one that you want to hold with a straight up and down motion , or straight up and down position . push in fairly significantly ; you actually want to feel some force there . and you can also do a light circular motion with the tip of your finger if the animal really likes it . and a lot of dogs will stay for this one . it 's one that sort of is really good for general arthritis , as well . you 'll see , we 'll use it some of the other series , so it is a good point it again , it 's the other side , okay , give me this one . it 's the other side of the hipbone at the back side of the hipbone .
-b4_y6LOSx0 my name is deanna gutierrez and i 'm a high school teacher in san jose . some of the pros of being a high school teacher are your emotional commitment to your students and the incredible rewards that you get when they succeed . also summer vacation . everybody knows teachers love this and also the opportunity to be your own boss . in your classroom you rule and that is a great plus . and you can tailor the curriculum usually to fit your talents and the way that the information will come easiest to your students . some of the cons of the profession are the salary . especially if you have a family . living on a teachers salary can be challenging . another drawback is the long hours . you do have summer vacations and your day technically ends at 3:00 but what they do n't tell you is you will be most likely bringing work back . grading either in your classroom or at home . and you will be working on the weekends . but it will be , hopefully , a labor of love . and the last con would be the administrative red tape and dealing with principals and maybe co-teachers that do n't share the same vision you do and just being true to yourself and to your students . my name is deanna gutierrez and i 'm a high school teacher in san jose .
d45LDS0KVy0 so what happens if someone in your group swims ? well , you need to take care of that person first . figure out if they 're okay . you can give them on the are okay signal ; that 's one way . then you want to sort of get their gear themselves to shore . what we usually do is if you have more people you could break up and get different items so it 's easier to handle . one person can deal with the swimmer , the other person can deal with the paddle , another person can deal with the boat . break down the rescue and simple stages or simple parts to make it most efficient . if you all go for the same thing , you 're going to bump into each other and make the rescue a lot more difficult . there are a couple of different ways to deal with the rescue . the big thing is to stay calm . show empathy to the swimmer . give them some encouragement to swim to shore . there are other ways you can actually hold 2 paddles in one hand if you 'd like , or you can actually do other strategies to bump the boat to shore . what i suggest is to get more specifics on this is take a river rescue course and really get the fine details . this take practice . you may even want to go out with your buddies and have somebody swim and do a total yard sale have everyone try to rescue each other . practice is good . get the chance to learn how to do this . the first time you do it you do n't want to be out there ; you want to do it in a controlled situation for the first time . so take the time and learn what to do .
3rhMHxe12z4 james dix from reptile rescue here . we 'll still going over some of the things with tortoises and turtles . now , this particular segment is on disease symptoms . um ... a desert species , such as a desert tortoise that we have in the desert of the u.s. a lot of times you 'll see bubbles coming out of the top of their nostrils , their nose . and this is a sign that they have an upper respiratory infection . this is highly contagious to any other turtle species . you have to keep 'em separated , and you have to get 'em on antibiotics . usually you start out with batril injections . that 's one way of taking care of it , and you also have to consult your vet . there is different medications . another sign is , is you have a tortoise or a turtle that has a lot of diarrhea , sometimes that is signs that the actual turtle or tortoise has worms or parasites . and you need to get them into a vet to get that taken care of , because in their natural diet , they should n't have diarrhea . but if you give 'em too many vegetables , this also causes the same problem . but they can do a quick check with a little sample , and it takes about five minutes at the vet 's office to tell you if they have parasites or not .
3j8uot1QlVQ alexson roy : so soccer , a great sport in europe , not u.s. they have a lot issues with the shin , okay ? calf issues not so much , okay ? maybe , they might cramp up in their calves , but the shin is so tight , extremely tight here . so what we 're going to do is we 're going to kinda like -- really , the only thing you can do because it 's so tender , i mean , it 's tender to the touch . if you have shin splints , you 're in pain , okay ? so the thing is you want to kinda create a nice surface . you do n't want to press it , point on it . you do n't want to like , maybe , put your palms down and , kinda , just go along it and then press out towards your knee , okay ? or you can , you know , just go along and press it down , coming back up this way , okay ? create a nice surface , press down and press down , okay ? this muscle is really , really tight , so there 's not too much you can do as far as different modalities like , you know , kneading or anything like that . so what you want to do , you want to just kinda create some type of pressure and some type of flow , but since it is still tight , you want to kinda -- you do n't want to irritate it any more than it already is . so that 's for an irritated shin . so let me show next what you 're going to do if , let 's say , you 're trying to warm up the shin or it 's about to get tight and they 're really not having any problems , but you want to create some circulation .
-f1_kdl050s in this clip we are going to talk about dangers for these birds in the household and otherwise . the number one loss for these birds , is flight . if these guys are flighted , you need to be really careful if you have them loose in your household . a lot of these birds are n't tame . people get them and they only have two or three of them . as you are opening the cage doors to clean their cages these guys will get startled and fly away . and when they panic , they fly and they do n't come back . they fly out your windows . they fly out your front door . you will be thinking that every thing is sealed and you go clean the papers and your daughter , son , husband walks in through the front door and that bird just flies right out . you need to be very careful when cleaning their cages if these birds are flighted . it seems to be the number one way to loose them . once they get loose outside , predators will get to them very quickly . these guys are not suited to live in the united states , they are not native here and they do n't survive . the other dangers you need to worry about , is teflon pans . if they are heated to a high temperature , they give off some fumes that the birds inhale which causes them basically to fell off their perch dead . there is nothing that you can do about it and it is very quickly . it is kind of a silent killer . so , if you have them in the kitchen and if you are going to cook with teflon , move them to another room in the house , so that you can protect them . aerosols , spraying for bugs , spraying perfumes around the house , all those sort of things , these birds have very very sensitive upper repository tracts and so if you have any sort of aerosol it can irritate their lungs . and , these guys only have a few breaths before they 'll die . so you need to be very careful with aerosols around the house . and lastly , they are so so tiny , basically anything in your house , a dog , a cat , anything , they can get squished in a door , if they get mouthed , even a little tiny bit by your dog or cat , or by your kid , they will just squished . there is not a whole lot to them , they are not that robust , they are mostly feathers . you have to be fairly careful with these birds . at least in a physical way . those are most of your household dangers . and again , if you are cooking and the birds are loose , be careful with them landing on a hot pan . you do n't want toilet seats open if they are flying around your house because they can fly in it and drowned . just be careful , you want to make sure that if you ever let these guys loose out of their cage , you basically bombproof your house . you make sure that every little nook and cranny has been looked at for . and , if they are alone in their cages and if you have smaller pets and it is a smaller cage , they can not knock their cage over and let either the bird to fly out or they ca n't reach through the bars . like a cat might dig through the bars if they are small enough and be able to grab hold of the bird . and , if the bird is outside if you let these guys outside to get some fresh sunshine , raccoons have been known to break into their cages and tear through the bars and ripped into these guys . so you have to be very careful if you leave them outside for any period of time . that more or less covers it , just be careful because your birds are very small and much more sensitive to chemicals then many other pets are .
5iDuCS4XBjI in this clip , we 're going to move to the next compound in our buffing process . and that 's the second step , which is the white diamond compound . and you see that i 'm changing the wheel that i 'm using and it 's very important not to mix up the wheels and the compounds , because if you use the wrong compound on a different wheel , you 've contaminated that wheel and you need to start over . so i start the lathe and the first thing that i 'm going to do is i 'm going to dress the wheel . and the lathe is running at about nine hundred rpm right now . i do n't want it to be running too fast , because if it 's running too fast , the wheel will not flatten out and spread the compound . and again , i 'm going to pick a spot that i know where i started and you keep the wheel always moving on the surface of your bowl because heat and friction spread the compound , but too much heat can put little stress fractures on the surface of your bowl .
3X0aqAnjB2w in this clip , we 're going to show you how to unload your ruger mark 3 pistol . now when you come up and approach your ruger mark 3 pistol , one feature that 's very nice with this fire arm is , is that it has a load chamber indicator . now i 'm going to show you a little closer here . on the firearm , itself and it 's right , right here . if you look closely . it is a , you have a little red mark that shows you . and for that matter , if you are in the dark or if you are at lower light situation , where you could n't see , you could run your finger over it . and know that you have a round in the chamber . now , you know , the other thing about it , is it besides that load chamber indicator . you know , do n't take that for granted . you know , they 're , go by basic rules of clearing and checking the firearm . and making sure that it 's clear . so what we 're going to do , first and foremost , is we 're going to drop the magazine out of the chamber . by pushing in , on the magazine release . and that 's right here . taking the magazine completely out of play of the firearm . secondly , we 'll put our finger on the slide stop . and push up , on it . while we are pulling back the slide . now that just open and safe the action . and at that point , we 've just unloaded this ruger mark 3 pistol .
CnjmLmtgg4c these dry land tricks , some stuff that is really good to do is work on handle passes , you are doing those wako 's wakfives , whatever you can work on those handle passes like that and you get those handle passes down so that they are easy on the water . you do n't need a driver , you do n't need a pin man , you can do this in your back yard and in your living room but do n't put a hole in your wall like i did . my dad was n't pleased with that but you can work on the handle passes and get them down so that you never miss them in a tournament . the only thing with ski lines make sure you are advancing to the boat or the tree or whatever you rope is attached to and you know once you get comfortable with these on land they are going to be comfortable on water too .
c-y6gzX2k2Q alright so we 're almost done with our fair maiden . the one that our knight is going to be pursuing i suppose . but we still have to finish off her dress . so what we 're going to do now is we 're going to kind of come in here and draw the outer portion of her dress . and she 's going to be kind of holding onto part of it like that as you can see . but it 's a very , very big flowing kind of dress . so kind of feel free to come down and make it a generously flowing thing . going to come up here . now since she is holding part of it what you 're going to have to do is kind of come down here like that and we 're going to start to deal with a little bit of shape here now . and you kind of see the rough outline that we have going now . so what you 'll do is you see how we 've created sort of a third dimension here by coming in like that . the way that we 're really going to call attention to it is by adding some , what they would consider to be underwear back in the day , bloomers , down here at the bottom . and back then they kind of wore a couple layers of them so just kind of come in here and draw a few of these little layers here . you can draw a third if you feel so inclined . make her as modest as possible . and we wont even really bother drawing her feet because they 'll be just kind of somewhere hidden underneath all this . so at this point just kind of come up and start to draw the edges of the dress like so . and i 'd say at this point we 're looking pretty good . i mean maybe you could come in i suppose and just draw , if you want to , like sort of a tiny little definition of what would be a foot under there . because i mean i suppose her dress is n't quite that big . but you do n't want to call that much attention to her feet . so i would say if you got that look down obviously feel free to detail as you will . but yeah i think we are pretty , we are very near to the end with this design . and so in the last and final step we 'll go in and do the same thing we did with our knight over here and we 'll do a few of the details . so if you 've got the lower portion of the dress and the shoes and the bloomers all taken care of feel free to move on to the last clip .
CezTRYsHx4o hi , i 'm ken kashabura , personal trainer and freelance fitness runner . and this is how to go from a couch potato to a runner in nine short weeks . so when you 're starting , what you want to do is you want to start of the first couple weeks doing light days , ok. so , we 're going to break this down into a light day , so you 're going to go for twenty sixty minutes , just walking . so , three to five times a week , you 're going to be doing this . ok , so that 's the first week , you 're just getting out there , walking , get into the habit of doing it . and then as you get into weeks two , three , four , what you want to do is you want to start adding some little variables in there . you 're going to start off walking , and then what you 're going to do , is you 're going to run for maybe a minute , and then walk for three or four minutes . so you go back and forth with your speed intervals . another type of way to do intervals is incline . so you can use hills if you 're outside to get out there on the incline , walk up there , and then walk back down . it can be done really easily on treadmill as well . increasing the incline of your treadmill , and gradually bringing it back down , bringing the heart rate up , it brings the rate up , brings the heart rate back down . and then from there , what you 're going to do on those last few weeks is you 're going to start adding some steady state runs . so if you 're light day , you have a couple intervals days in there , and then you 're going to do a steady state run towards the end of the week . big mistake people make whenever they 're running their first run is they start off right off the bat going sprinting out and after the first mile they 're beat . so you want to use those steady state runs as a strategy day . i 'm ken kashabura , and that 's how to go from a couch potato to a runner in nine short weeks .
dMa-39k9_y8 and we 're going to weave our coordinating fabric through these slits . start your weaving at the corner by going in through the front . you can poke it in with your finger or you can use a scissor or a pencil to poke it through your slit . take a closed scissor and just give that a shove and pull it right through and you just continue like this , weaving in and out of these holes until you get to the end of the poncho . you do n't have to worry about it rolling or a tuck , you can always move it around later . just weave it in and out easily . you want to finish with the strip coming out through the front like this and then repeat on the rest of the sides of the poncho with your other coordinating colors . when you finish weaving in all your coordinating fabrics , we 'll just take the two ends and tie them with a simple square knot , a right over left and left over right . you do n't want to pull too tight to make this bunch up and that 's cute and that 'll just hang down and you do that for all the corners .
eaMeqHTUQSY let us move to the floor and do some stretching for the front side and the back side at the same time . so , you have come from seated position . you are going to extend the legs forward into staff pose . this is like an l-shape . you are making the lower half of the l with the legs , the upper half of the l with the spine . it is important here to create a natural arch in the low back . so , if that is not happening for you , then keep the hands on the floor . otherwise , for some positioning . or , even bring the hands behind the hips a little bit . and , now we are going to move into eastern stretch pose . intense eastern stretch pose . the fingertips facing the glutes . if your wrists are sore then you are going to face the palms , the fingertips away from each other . so , julie can show that version . laura can stay there . on an inhale , lift the sternum to the sky . exhale . lift the hips off the floor , pressing the big toe towards the mat and the hips just lift up off the floor . very nice . and , you are going to breathe for ten breaths here . it is important to keep the head , or your gaze , up towards the ceiling . you do not want to let the head drop and the neck to take that weight of the head . so , the neck is actually engaged and it is working almost as hard as the glutes are here . squeeze the inner thighs to keep the knees together . good and then come back down . inhale the arms overhead . and , take paschimottanasana , or , forward fold . exhale the arms forward . nice . inhale , extend through the spine . let yourself lift a little bit from the thighs and then , exhale , come down again . so , on each inhale we are extending the spine , lengthening with each exhale . going a little bit deeper in the pose . stay here for about ten breaths . do try to go to your furthest position . it is important here to keep that co-contraction . we talked about that . keeping the thighs active . keeping the calf active . that will effect your flexibility . it does not matter how flexible you are . we want to affect flexibility , not show how flexible we are . so , keep the energy in the muscles .
aLjq5NAQypo hi , i 'm mark emiley on behalf of expert village . it 's finally time to start brewing . one of our first steps is going to be to add our liquid extract to hot water to help liquefy it further . now , i 'm going to start adding water to our kettle and heating it up to steep our grains . since we have a large amount of steeping grains i 'm going to add 1.5 to 2 gallons . after we 've added water we 're going to turn on the heat and start aiming for a temperature of 165 degrees . now we 're going to add our grains to our steeping bag , we are either going to use a muslin sack or a nylon sack . we take the grains at the end of the bag , start shaking it in . some dust will come off , that 's why you want to do this over the sink . for this much grain you might want to use two steeping bags to allow for better extraction from the grains . now that we 've got our temperature were we want it , we 're going to start adding our grains . now that our water is ready we 're going to add our steeping grains into the water . we 're going to push them in and gently agitate them around so that the colors , the flavors and also the sugars can be extracted into the water . if you have two bags you can go ahead and put the other one in . we want our temperature to stabilize around 150 to 160 degrees . when it 's gotten there you want to make sure that you turn off the heat , put the lid on and your going to let it sit for half an hour so let 's go get a timer and start that up .
2Z22VbXsE7w in this video , we 're going to be talking about what i call the foot stall . this is a medium to medium-hard trick ... it really depends whether you used to play hackey sack as a kid . the foot stall is exactly what it sounds like . we 're going to drop the ball from my hand and catch it on my foot . now , hopefully i can do this without dropping it , but let 's see . something like that . so if you see , i caught it on my foot as i drop from my hand , and catch the ball with my foot . now when you incorporate this into a juggling pattern , you first have to get a very clean foot stall , but if you put it into a pattern , you can just make a drop but not actually drop it . pick it back up and keep going . people will be impressed , be like `` oh no , you messed up ! '' but not really . it 's crazy . but anyway , to learn this , you really have to get some beanbags that are pretty loose . it 's a lot harder to do this with a solid sphere than it is with a very loose beanbag , or something that just wo n't roll around at all . you also want to really practice on cushioning the catch with your foot . if you notice , every time i drop it on my foot , i bring my foot up to here , let the beanbag hit , then slow it down like that . so you really just need to try and put all this together . put it in a juggling pattern and get that stall just like that , kick back up into the pattern .
BdMNUzr3wy4 so , here we have the harness , and the harness is the lifeline between the person and the dog . so , here we have the harness , and greg 's going to show how the dog puts his head through the harness . stay , come on , harness . good . wow . so , greg 's put the harness on and then does the buckle up . the handle then , is obviously rigid , so that the handler can feel which way the dog is going . so , a bit like the steering wheel of a car , if you feel the dog pulling to the left , then you follow the dog as quickly as you can , and equally if it cuts across you to the right . then again you 'll feel it through the handle and you 'll follow the dog as quickly as you can . and that 's the main link between the person and the dog .
ETEwGd0DCUs hi i 'm evan from gregg 's greenway cycles , and i 'm going to talk to you a little bit about how to replace a spoke on a wheel . the first thing you want to do is get the wheel off the bike and strip it . if it 's a rear wheel the cogs set or set that would go on the back . you can leave the skewer in , and then you 're also going to want to pull the tire and the tube off . and then also the rim strip , which is the strip that protects the tube from the inside of the rim . you just go ahead and peel that guy back , should peel right off , it 's no big deal . and then you 'll be able to expose the top of the nipples that hold the spokes in . and next thing you 're going to want to do is decide which spokes are kind of broken or bent or need replaced . you go ahead and pull those spokes out . and then if you know what size you need , then just go to your bike shop and get those spokes . and if you do n't know be sure to take the spoke with you , they can measure it and tell you what you 're going to need . and then you would thread the spoke through properly , following whatever the lacing pattern of the wheel is . this particular wheel is three cross , you would either go under two spokes here , under , under . and then over one , like that there . or you would go over two spokes , over this one , over that one , and then under the third one , to the edge of the rim . and this is a three cross lacing pattern . and then once you have your spokes laced properly , you 're going to make sure you get the tension on the spokes even all the way through the rim . and you 'd also go through the rim and proceed to true it , and tension it , and dish it , and make sure that the wheel is back to it 's regular condition . first you would replace the rim strip , lay that back across there . then you would want to go ahead and replace the tube , the tire , and also if it 's a rear wheel , replace your cassette for your free wheel . and then put it back on the bike , and head off down the road . and that is how you would replace a spoke on a wheel .
_4QXuI8nPEs steve caverno : i 'm steve caverno on behalf of expert village , here today to talk to you about building a character . now , let 's talk about comic relief . when you write a play , comic relief can be a good thing to throw in . you might be writing the darkest tragedy in the world such as hamlet . end of the fight , everyone dies and it 's very bleak , but you got to look at the modern world . the modern world , even if you have horrors going on , there are still things that are amusing . and if you view those , if you can see the joy in people 's lives , then you ca n't find the tragedy . so , in hamlet , you see the gravediggers . when hamlet comes out to the grave and the graveyard and then he sees the skull of yorick , these gravediggers are very humorous characters , they 're buffoons . they 're kind of very uncultured characters and they have a lot of humorous things to say . they 're kind of jokesters . and so , these guys kind of feed that comedic drive , also similarly to comedic relief in `` as you like it , '' the piece of speech about mortality . so , that comes in and adds some seriousness to a lighthearted comedy . this is the way to add some lightheartedness to a very serious play , and that can help the audience get some relief . every once in a while if you 're dealing with a very serious topic matter , it might help to throw a joke out . that 's real . that happens in real life . even if someone has died , you might say , `` remember the time they did this , it was n't that , '' and you might have a laugh over something they did even though it 's a very , very sad time . and so , in life , in realistic life , there are moments of humor even in the darkest moment .
FePWAQV2AIk now , we want to do the handles for these little guys here . i 'm going to try to get this wedged . as you saw that last time there was a little inconsistency on there and it lead to a handle being funny looking for a minute . so , here we 've got our little starter here . you just want to go and do the same thing , but with these one they 're going to be really small and really thin , because you only want to be able to just barely get one little finger in there ; a little . that 's why it 's called a whiskey sipper . otherwise those would just be really big shot glasses . we do n't want to do that . we want to sit , kick it , just sip our whiskey . alright . make it nice and thin . let 's see if i can get a couple out of here . flipping it over , making sure that both sides are about the same thickness . alright .
ba4wmjD361U hi my name 's elizabeth and i 'm representing expert village . today i want to talk about the nutrition of sugar gliders . these guys are exotic pets and there is no complete food like there is for a dog or a cat for these guys . so all of their food pretty much has to be made from scratch . the number one cause of health problems for guys , cause of death and cause of any sort of health problems is nutritional deficiencies . either from improper diet or over supplementation of these guys . so you want to be very careful what you feed them . you want to stick to fifty to seventy percent fruits and vegetables and the other twenty to fifty percent would be protein . you can use other carbohydrates sources and protein sources like a kibble , they sell sugar glider like biscuits , food . you can use monkey biscuits , dog food . they are possums so they 're omnivores . a lot of times , some commercial food is beneficial because it will cover , it will have a little bit of added calcium and torrent and things that they wo n't get from a freshly prepared diet . these guys diet in australia is actually a very nutritionally sparse diet so if you over supplement these guys and give them too much added vitamins and minerals it can actually make them more ill than it does them good . so the key to properly feeding your sugar glider is just to make sure you give them plenty fruits and vegetables and you want to stick to your dark leafy greens , berries , and tropical fruits . when you give them any sort of commercial diets just make sure it comes from a high quality protein source and that it ? s from a respected manufacture . other things that can be used and are generally a big part of these guys ? diets are insects so you would want to gut load your crickets . you can use meal worms , beetles , they 'll pretty much just take anything these guys really like sakatas if you happen to be in an area where you can catch a sakakta you can put it in their cake you can really watch these guys run around and hunt like they would in the wild .
2GGpCLsdR9U my name is scott and i 'm the owner of climb on indoor rock climbing in wilmington , north carolina . today we 're going to discuss how to build a rappel system . the first thing you would want to do is get proper instruction from your local indoor climbing gym or local climbing guide . as we build this rappel system , we 've got our rope already hooked up , the first thing i want to do is make sure i tie the two ends of my rope together in a big knot so that if they do n't reach the grounds , my belay device or my rappel device ca n't slip off of the rope . once i 've got that knot tied in the end , i 'm going to throw my rope over the edge and before i do that i 'm going to yell `` rope '' so that there 's nobody under me to hit . `` rope '' . once i 've got the rope thrown , i 'm going to take my rappel device ; in this case we 're going to use what 's called an atc guide which is my , my favorite type of rappel device . we 're going to take the rope and load it into the device . to begin our rappel , again , proper instruction from your local indoor climbing gym would be important for this . you would n't want to go just do this outside by yourself . once we 've got it all hooked in , we 're going to take the slack out , sit down in our harness to make sure that our rappel system is correct and then we 're going to begin our rappel . once we 've finished our rappel , we 're going to take our rappel device off of the rope and get ready for the next climber to come down . this has been how to setup a rappel system .
EiEWWwarZ50 hey guys , we 're going through fact and fiction over woofers . fact number one , this is a box , just joking though . we 're actually going to go over the myth of polyfill . now polyfill , a lot of installers , informed hobbyists , everybody will say , installers and hobbyists will say you need to put polyfill in every single box . now most people do n't even know the reason why people put polyfill in a sub woofer enclosure . its to fool the woofer in to thinking it has a little more volume than it does , not to dampen the box or make it sound deeper or tighter or all the different theories that people have . its just for enclosures like this that are very small air space , they have a driver that actually need , require more sealed air space than what 's specified in this enclosure . put polyfill in the box and it 'll fool the woofer in to thinking it has a larger enclosure . without going down to theory and conjecture , that 's what its used for . its not used to make the driver sound better . its not used to make the woofer sound dampened or deeper or cleaner . that 's the use of polyfill . for everybody out there , installers , technicians , hobbyists included . next fact and fiction , dvcs are not necessarily louder than single voice coil woofers . that 's also another common misconception . single voice coil woofers and dual voice coil woofers are used to versitile or modem pds . dual voice coils and single voice coil drivers are out there that handle the same loads of power , they 're just different . dual voice coil woofers give you a choice between watt up and down . a standard four ohm woofer you have to bridge with more single four ohm or single eight ohm or single six ohm or single two ohm woofers to desire the lowered or upped affect.and that 's fact or fiction for you today folks .
cnHhTkTDONU hi , i 'm ashley on behalf of expert village , right now i 'm making a double sixteen ounce sugar free almond latte . so , we have our steamed milk with foam on top and the sugar free almond flavor and our two shots poured over the top , and that 's a latte . watch our next segment and i 'll show you how to make another drink .
d57uDk-VBjo now , one thing that 's really good to do in terms of massage , especially for a dog who has problems with their ankles , is to massage their feet . now , not every dog is going to allow you to do this , and cocoa 's probably not going to want me to do this , but you actually want to massage in between each of the toes , up and down along the bones , all the way through the whole foot . you can see she 's not really happy about this . you may find that 's the case with your dog . sometimes if you start out slowly , do a little bit ; whatever they 'll tolerate , really rub on those toes , rub on the top of the foot , and just see how far you can get with them . once they start to object , stop , and then try it again the next time . sometimes , as they get used to the idea , they 'll get better about having their feet handled . this will also help you when you take them to the vets . but at over time , you will find you 'll be able to work their feet , and really get the energy moving , and that will help free up the energy in the ankle ; loosen that ankle up if you can possibly do it . it 's definitely a good one . again , try to do both legs . if you ca n't do it , that 's not the end of the world .
0J3KAGixLRo caleb labarda : all right . what is a 720 , you might ask ? there 's 2 types of 720s : there 's a cheat 720 and a regular 720 , okay ? a cheat 720 is where you jump off one foot and you do about 1 1/2 rotations , over a little bit 1 1/2 into a kick , okay ? so one jump , 1 1/2 rotation , then to a kick , and then go all the way around into a punch . and then a regular 720 is you jump two rotations in the air , and you 're going to through a hook kick out of it or a crescent kick , okay ? so a regular 720 is off both legs and a cheat 720 is off one leg . all right . so now a 720 was invented by a martial artist for a competition and just -- it 's a really showy kick , but it can be also be very powerful . you can also hit a target or hit an opponent with it and it can be a knockout kick or a very forceful kick . that 's what a 720 would be . it is very hard to actually hit a target but it 'll take a lot of practice and a lot of timing . but once you get it , you can actually have a lot of power coming out of a 720 , and it 's a really cool kick that you 'd use in performances and shows .
3nhqz1DgzN8 hi , i 'm amy mccauley and i 'm going to demonstrate how to do a triceps dips . if you 've just started take your hands and place them on your chair . make sure that the chair is stable and that you 're not going to fall out of this when you start lifting up . here 's your beginner level , you 're just trying to push your hands down into the chair , into the rails and then , just push your bottom off up the chair and then sit back down . so this is really good for older adults , especially that have a problem getting all the way down and all the way up . just take those elbows tuck them behind you , push up and drop down . this is all that 's really necessary to build up the strength in the back of your arms . if you 're a beginner , you 're just going to take the feet out , take the hands down to the base of the chair , we 're going to keep the bottom as close to the chair as possible , and you 're just going to barely drop down and then push back up . you 're going to inhale as you lower , exhale as you lift , pull the shoulders back so that they 're round and forward , chest is open , we drop down , we drive it up . if you 're more advanced the further away your legs are the more challenging . your ultimate goal is to get down there until you 're in a 90 degree angle with your shoulder and your elbow , drive it back up . if this is still easy for you , try stacking your feet one on top of the other as you drive down and up . your ultimate goal is to keep the bottom close to the bench . so if you start coming away from the chair or the bench , it 's going to put a lot of strain in your shoulder joints and in your neck . so keep the bottom close , chest open , drive it down , drive it back up . if you want to apply weight , you can put weight on your thighs , keeping your knees bent , put that weight on top of your thighs adding a little bit more resistance . do as many reps as you can comfortably , up to 15 - 20 reps if you 've been doing them for awhile . if you 've just begun , it 's 8 -12 repetitions , try to do two to three cycles of it and that 's how we do our triceps dips .
3fHfYW3cmAs hi i 'm mike purdy for expert village and we 're creating a video business card with cdmenupro . now here 's a step that you ca n't forget is especially if your going to put this onto a small cd you want to make sure that your total number of files does not exceed in this case the 3 '' cd 210 mega bites . that 's all the room you 'll have is 210 mega bites so what you 'll need to do is select the files that are actually going to be burnt to cd we 'll have the cd icon , we 'll have the cd start which is the little program that we just completed . and if you have any doubts over what folder or files your going to need do this , create a new folder and drag all the files that you think your going to need into that new folder . you 'll need the cd icon , we 'll need the cd start and then go to that folder and open it up and see what it does now if it does n't play your background music that means you have to drag the background music into it . if it wo n't play your video when you click on video which it wo n't this case you need to drag your video into it . so what you 'll do in this new folder is you will drag everything that needs to play into this folder and an easier way to see it is go to view , details and it will give you a list . here 's the sound folder you 'll need the sound folder to play the sound cdmenupro puts all the sound in a sound folder , we 're going to have our videos that we have created our quick time movie . now that quick time movie is pretty big by itself and this window media file that 's pretty big to , now you see we have three gigs . we 're in trouble that means your going to have to do is something has to go we got a not put that quick time video on or make it really really small . so what i 'm going to do right now is i 'm just going to eliminate it i 'm going to cut it down over here and put it back and so that it 's not in the new folder . well it 's still 17 mega bites how much space do we have , we have 210 mega bites so thats okay we 're okay 17 mega bites . so here 's a good way to test and see if your exceeding that 210 mega bites that 's all you can get on a pocket cd if your putting it on a bigger cd then you have a whole lot more room . so everything in the new folder is going to be burn to your new cd .
2s5nkKCB7k8 o.k . we 're moving on to the little bit more advanced out of the round house kicks ; we 're going to add a hop to it , we just did the stepping ; o.k . i 'll go over that stepping kick one more time ; step , kick ; come back o.k . that was the foot work . now instead of stepping we 're just adding a little hop o.k . ; it 's really the same kick so you do that , take the back leg move it in toward the front leg and come back . just add that little hop so you go to get a little air and get off the ground even if it 's just one or two inches o.k . so one more time ; keep your eyes on the bag , make sure your feet are solid ; o.k . we focus on that target and we do that little hop , kick it ; come back to your position , make sure your eyes stay on that target until you 're done o.k . next kick ; back leg round house kick . o.k . now what we want to emphasize on these kicks ; to keep the balance and keep your balance centered is to lean back away from that opponent as you step into it . also you do n't want to have the shoulder too far back or to far forward because now you 're using your lower back o.k . so we want to keep that shoulder up and really lean ; now you should feel like you can pick that front leg up and stand there , that means you have all the weight on the back ; on the back leg as you step in . so one more time ; make sure as you hop into that , that you lean and keep that body positioning threw out that whole kick ; come back o.k . so that 's how the body moves ; it moves away from the target as you jump .
2c4GI2sMzNw joe wiles : we 're going to take a look at number 39 on our top 80 most downloaded guitar tabs on the internet . and it 's aerosmith 's `` dream on . '' let 's take a look . now we 're going to spread this across a couple of segments because there 's a lot to get here , okay ? for the first chord form , we 're going to put our index finger on the 5th fret , excuse me , on the 4th fret of the high e string , your middle finger on the 5th fret of the g string , and your ring finger on the 6th fret of the b string . it sounds like this , okay ? now , with your right hand , we 're going to be doing a back and forth pattern with our index and middle finger . these two thumb . these two thumb . it looks like this . always answering with that g string on your thumb . okay ? remember that . in fact , this note is an anchor for the whole riff . that note never changes , okay ? so , this is our first chord form . the next one is going to be a little bit different . index finger on the 3rd fret of the high e string , the middle finger on the 4th fret of the b string and ring finger that same note on the 5th fret of the g string . that call and answer sound like this . we 're going to switch these two fingers around . watch how it works . so , our next index finger is on the 3rd fret of the b string and our middle finger is on the 4th fret of the high e string . our ring finger stays the same . that sounds like this , okay ? now , we 're going to replace our ring finger here with our pinkie , okay ? then , my index finger is going to be on the 2nd fret of the b string and my middle finger is going to be on the 3rd fret with a high e string . to that same call and answer bit . those series of chords in a row sound like this . to continue , we come back up to the original chord , the one we started with . now , we 're going to put our index finger in that anchor position on the 5th fret of the g string . we 're going to put our pinkie up here on the 8th fret of the b string and our middle finger on the 6th fret of the high e string . okay , so far this is it . from in this position , we keep our index finger on the 5th fret of the g string , but we 're going to stretch out our pinkie to the 9th fret of the b string and our ring finger to the 8th fret of a high e string . and that 's the last chord set in the first half of the introduction . all together , it would sound like this . and then we start again on the second half with the same chord . that 's about the first half of the intro . the second half is a little bit different . we 're going to explore it in the next segment . i 'll see you there .
EEURFQ-Wpk8 we 're moving into the group of axe kicks ok. an axe kick is exactly what if sounds like , it drops down like an axe so right on the person  s collar bone , or bridge of the nose ok. the two targets we are working with . we are going to set up into that staggered stance again . stomach is forward , hands are up . it kind of starts out like those crescent kicks we just did , the movement is a little bit different on this kick . so you are going to step up . now the knee always comes up first . ok you get momentum from the knee coming up off the ground . now that leg whips around up and then drops straight down on the person with the heel . ok one more time , slow . so we start into that staggered stance , step up , knee comes up drop the foot down , straight on the person . now you want to hit with the heel . you do n't want to point your foot , keep it flexed and drop that heel straight down on them . ok so i 'm speeding it up just a little bit . so we are doing the step , get the leg up and drop it down . now as you do it , do n't stand too straight up , you want to lean back a little bit as you do the kick . i want to keep my hips forward a little bit and then my back a little bit more backwards . so that way i can keep my face and my vital organs away from my opponent . ok now i 'm going to show you on the target . we have our target right here , you are setting up in front of it . ok get into that same position , hands are up , you are going to take that step to cover distance between you and your opponent . you bring the leg up on the side of the ear on the right but you drop it straight down the middle . ok. drop it so , your target is that nose or you can also go to the collar bone and break it . drop it straight down on that shoulder . ok now one more time putting the whole thing together , kick and come back . so that 's our stepping axe kick , we 're going to move into a hopping axe kick .
4TKOmAOz9EA my name is wes rhodes , i 'm from the chinese kung fu academy and for expert village and this is kung fu strengthening exercise , pressing side to side . now this is to develop strength in the legs , the upper legs and in the hip joints . this is also going to help open up your hips for flexibility . the way you start out , start feet double distance apart . start with your arms crossed either resting on your chest or holding it out . you 're going to turn the left foot out , squat , keeping the feet flat , get as low to the floor as you can . this is called our pressing stance . remember keeping the feet flat , right leg straight , left knee bent . make sure that the knee does not cave over the foot , you have to keep it pressing out . you 're going to stand up , press to the other side , up and this exercise you can perform it over the period of one to two minutes or count ten to twenty times each side . this will really strengthen the outsides of the legs and the hip joints . that 's how you perform kung fu strengthening exercise , pressing side to side .
EP6wVTJ7yjk in this segment , we 're going to learn a little bit about our bindings , the things that hold your feet to your board . they ? re pretty important . you want a good relationship with them . this here is their highback . this would be your heel strap and toe strap . these are your ladders . to strap in , simply put your foot inside the binding . connect the ratchet to the ladder and strap it down . you want a good amount of pressure on both of them so they 're really holding your binding , your foot to the binding . you do n't want any loose movement . if you strap them in too loose , you ? re not going to have a good connection with your snowboard . it 's not going to respond to your actions . so , you want to go ahead and make sure they 're in there solid . and that 's how you strap on a binding .
07TdlpHnhtU in order to string jewelry , you 're going to need something to put it on . i actually started out with fishing line , and you can make knots in it . but i do n't have that today . i use nylon-coated steel wire , or tiger tail , is what they call it . and there are different diameters . there 's really thick and really thin , depending on how heavy your necklace is or how heavy your beads are . and here are some samples . this is all done with tiger tail . and that 's basically what i use to make basic necklaces . and there 's also stretchy cord , which everybody knows about power bracelets , and that 's what they 're put on . and you can just stretch it over your arm , like that . you do a full knot with both strands or a square knot with that . and i also use memory wire . memory wire goes back to its original form . here is a necklace and a bracelet . you do n't have to have a clasp with it . it just goes back , like that .
ES8r_wxtW6I so lastly is the triple paradiddle and while the regular paradiddle is alternating notes and then consecutives the double paradiddle is two sets of alternating notes . the triple paradiddle is three sets of alternating notes plus two consecutive notes . single , triple . now this is a rudiment that is back in regular four four time unlike the double paradiddle which is sixes , one , two , three , four , five , six , one , two , three , four , five six . this is one that is in two groups of four , one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four , one e and uh , two e and uh , one e and uh , two e and uh . so a great rudiment again another one of the variations of paradiddles and in the future we will look at doing all of the same things that we did with the first paradiddles with the second and third .
eANyqXdSpSk i 'm going to be talking about motions that you can be doing in the head . i 'm going to be pressing down and going towards the crown , but i 'm also going to alternate it with a little bit of thumb circling going towards the crown . my fingers over here are tight . they 're pointing towards the ear . i 'm just motioning in circular motions going towards the crown . this can be done very light . this can be done very firm , but not hard . it 's great for headaches . i 'm moving everything toward the crown because if there 's any type of tension in the forehead area , i 'm giving it pathway to move towards the crown . this does n't necessarily have to be done with the thumb . i can do it with all 4 fingers , but in a little more gentler of a motion going towards the crown . then give it a glide down . always saying hello and goodbye to the head because i 'm doing this combing motion with the hair .
5ieahnubR7M hi , this is sean hobson , for expert village . what we want to talk about is the effective way to pass block if you 're a guard . sometimes the guards will have somebody on them and sometimes they wo n't . a lot of times the guards will have to turn and look and a lot of times they 'll combination block with the tackle standing next to them or they 'll wait for the linebacker to come through the hole and then they 'll have to anchor down and take on that block . regardless , the way you make the block is to come up with a good , firm foundation . we want to be low , we want to have our arms out and locked . when you get those arms out and locked and get in between the numbers you can control what 's happening . then you want to keep your feet moving , you want to be up on your toes . you do not want to get your feet together because we do n't want that guy to rush over the top of you . we want you to keep your hands out and keep the play moving until the quarterback has released the ball . we 're going to show you what it looks like when he 's trying to pass block and i 'll play the quarterback ( video demo ) . you see this guy trying to find a way to get around him and this guy is doing a great job of keeping his hands out , he 's moving his feet , he 's up on his toes and he did n't ever get his feet together . that 's an effective way to pass block if you 're a guard .
14fs-ot5KCc hi i 'm lucy spain on behalf of expert village here to talk about cheerleading jumps and tumbling . after you 've mastered your round-off , you 're able to start moving on into more advanced tumbling . now advanced tumbling is most easily done in combination from a round-off because you 're going to get a lot of momentum . demonstrated right here are the steps that you 're going to take in a back handspring . i highly recommend starting out with spotters . this is going to be the best way to learn the movements in slow motion , then you can go ahead and take it from there . now we can also do all of these tumbles which we 're going to call standing format instead of running which is linked onto the round-off . now it 's important when you 're learning your back handspring to have tons of matted floors . these are going to be provided by your facility when you 're tumbling . now the correct position to start off with a back hand spring , you 're going to want to bend at the knees and rock back on your heels as you take off . so it 's really important , your spotters are going to be behind you , we 're going to end up going completely back and landing on the palms of our hands . make sure you can keep your arms straight and you want to do a little shrug at the shoulder and then you 're going to pop out of it , similarly to how you would pop out of a handstand . now it 's also important to learn , once you 've mastered your back handspring , the second high level skill is going to be your tuck . now first you need to master your tuck jump , which is going to be this position here , knees high up on the chest . and a tuck jump is basically going to be this form with both your knees hugged tightly to your chest in the air . you can do a running tuck which is going to be attached to your round-off , or your handspring , or you can do a standing still tuck , which is going to be a different prep from our handspring . we 're going to start stationary . we 're going to get up on our toes to get some momentum , and we 're going to go straight in . it 's really important to ride your jump up when you 're doing a tuck . you really need to pull yourself all the way to the tippy top before you go into the tuck position . you want to hold that position tightly until you spin all the way around . now a lot of us , when we 're landing our tucks , you 're going to be in this position down here on the floor a lot when you land your tucks . that 's ok , you 're still learning , just get up out of if , and get a spot until you can make that full rotation . another tumble which is really advanced is called a layout . a layout 's going to be a flip that 's similar to a tuck where your hands never make contact to the ground . in the air your layout position is basically going to be this . we 're going to do a full rotation in a flat position like this . after you 've mastered your layout , you can start doing fulls which are the most fun tumbling . a full is going to be a layout in this position with a full rotation in the air . those are the most difficult of tumbling passages . a good way to master those is using trampolines . you can use foam pits and also definitely use lots of mats .
CqlpUDIDo0w alright the drink we are about to make is called a flaming spanish fly . and this is how we are going to make it . we are going to take a cup of coffee . and one ounce of tequila . so measure out an ounce of tequila . go ahead and pour that in . also an ounce of kahlua . alright . and next we are going to add some coarse sugar . and however much sugar you like in your coffee that 's how much i would suggest to throw in there . whoa hey . i had an interesting reaction . and now we are going to go ahead and stir that up a little bit . not too much though . just get everything blended together . alright this is fun . and now we will add some one fifty one just go ahead and float that on top there . now set it on fire with a match or a lighter and go ahead and extinguish the flames after well , whenever you are ready with some whip cream . and just give you a close up look of that . that is a flaming spanish fly . bottoms up .
FTlkSXBXdOA ok , here we are back , i 'm going to talk about starters . different types of starters . briggs and stratton came out with what i think is probably the best starter and of course they do n't use it anymore . but you 'll see that there 's a big hole in here and it fits on top of what they call a starter clutch . this has ball bearings inside and its ratcheted so when you pull the starter , this turns the flywheel , then when the engine starts , it just spins free . another type of starter is the pawl engages the cup starter . you pull this and the little pawls come out engage a cup on the flywheel and turn the flywheel crankshaft fast enough to start the engine and then of course when they go back in , they 're not impacting . another way is for a friction spring to hold a piece of plastic and its on a gear that forces it into the flywheel back and is out of the way . into the flywheel and back and out of the way . and another way is where the pawls are on the flywheel themselves in a cup and that would look like this , the cup , and the starter itself would have little ridges and when you pull this , it engages the cup , the pulley and the pulley starts when the engine turns fast enough then the pawl is spring loaded and retracts by centrifugal force taking it out of the mix . and that 's another very popular starter . and that 's about all the types of starters , there 's some other ones , but they 're all basically the same .
3HYlvvVlix4 we 're going to work on a shoulder roll . this is a movement that starts from the inside of the body and the energy travels away from the body . so it 's a really good basic movement for other arm movements . we 're going to start with putting our arm out . so you get a nice , clear shot of my shoulder , here . we 're going to press the shoulder forward . we 're going to lift it up slightly , not too much because we do n't want to lose our nice , long neck here . we 're going to slide it as far back as we can . and then press that shoulder down . and then bring it all the way to the front . so i always like to start with a box movement first to make sure you 're hitting all of those points . and then you 're going to round it out and make it smooth . so let 's try that with a count of four on our movements . we 're going to go one , two , three , four . one , two , three , four . one , two , three , four . now we 're going to round it out . so just smooth out those corners . make it nice and round . try to keep the hand still . it 's going to move slightly , but you want to move naturally . you do n't want the movement out here to be bigger than what your shoulder is doing . practice this on both sides of your body . and then you can practice alternating them .
1yvskpdZCPs this beginner pilates exercise is called the double leg stretch . this is the second exercise part of what we called the five abs series . so really concentrate on pulling your abdominal muscles and focus on your breath . come on down to the mat and bring your knees in towards your chest , lifting your head and shoulders up off the mat . gently place your hands on the outside of your lower legs and we 're going to extend the arms and the legs in opposition . when you extend your legs , pull your legs into a pilates dance , which means your heels are together and your toes are out like a v. keep the small of your back down to the mat . and then circle your arms around and bring your knees into your chest . so inhale as you open , exhale bring your knees in . inhale , extend ; exhale , bring it in . straight arms over head , then circle around . now , where do you want to look ? you want to look towards your legs , try to avoid looking up towards the ceiling . you want to really protect that neck . so looking forward , contracting those abs . perform about eight to ten reps. and that is your double leg stretch .
-f0h1J3POAg and welcome , to the beautiful studios of valley free radio , located in a basement . anyway , we 're going to show you today the basics of how to do old school , analog style broadcasting , and a very low tech , ancient style broadcasting studio . so , let 's take a look at what we 've got here . of course , the heart of any studio is your broadcast board , so , we 're going to talk about all that in a minute . and most of the rest of what you see are different things that are going to be inputs to the board . got some cd players , we 've got another mixing board that goes as one input to the , to the a , to the board . we 've got a couple cassette players , hi-tech . and , we have a computer that we play mp3 's to , and of course , the telephone . and , we 'll also see how to put callers on the air . other features of the station are , some very kicking monitors , microphones we 'll be talking about , headphones you need when you 're talking on the mike , and some turntables . all here , at beautiful , valley free radio .
COeRSTZkO5g in this section of the butterfly stroke , i 'm going to show you how to move the body . so your body is going to be like i said . your feet are going to be kind of like a mermaid . and you 're basically going to be like a snake . okay ? just imagine like a snake , your body is going to form an s. you 're very wavy , very flexible , when you do the dolphin kick . that 's why i said everyone can do it , but as far as ability-wise , it 's just going to depend on your body . so what you 'll want to learn to do is , when you do the dolphin kick , it 's really just going to be like a nice little wave , s-shape . so if you can see , pretty much you 'll start from the bottom going up , and you 'll kind of just form like an s. so if you can look , my body is not completely going back-and-forth , actually . it 's just kind of like the legs will move in , this part will kind of be bending back . and then as i 'm going in , then the rest of my body is kind of like forming an s. so basically like an s form . and you 'll see that in the water , as well . but i just wanted to explain . the legs are together . your body is very wavy , very flexible , forming an s-shape for the dolphin , the full entire butterfly kick . all right . this is a continuation of step two . as you saw , i just did step one . and basically , it 's just like an s-shape , like i had explained . so your body moves like that . and if you notice , in the water , which we 'll do a recap here in a bit , there was a big splash and then there was a little splash . so you have your really big kick , and then you follow it up with a little kick . and that 's the s-shape .
5srJ_Dyf0A0 alright . we have been baking for about 54 minutes and we are going to check it . the way in which we do that is to take a toothpick and set it into the center . let 's see if it comes out completely clean and it is -- it 's coming out with little moist crumbs . this thing is perfect . let 's take this out of the oven ; turn our oven off and notice , it did n't rise all the way to the top . it 's not supposed to rise to the top , but it did raise quite a bit . it is a denser , coffee cake . it 's where the name comes from . it 's the kind of cake you want to eat with coffee . it 's got some substance , some texture to it , along with some great flavor . we are not quite done with this ; we are going to let this cool for about 5 minutes or so , because i want this to still be warm when i remove the bottom . i need to drizzle this and make some icing for it . our next step is going to be to make the icing . i 'm going to talk about how easy that is to prepare that icing . flavor the icing as you like . it can be plain sugar icing or one that you can add extract of almond , orange juice , fresh lemon on your icing to create all different flavors on the top . right now , this needs to go . take this over here and sit it on our rack . smells so good . see how the streusel has made this wonderful topping . it ? s all sort of brown , luscious looking . sugar is melted and the nuts are toasted . cinnamon is coming out . just excellent . ok , let it cool for a few minutes .
bqBZ1t3fxWQ we 're using one of my smallest round brushes here and we 've already put a nice good portion of french ultramarine blue on the tip because we are about to now go and do the eyes . we 're going to go in here and , now you 'll notice in the sketch we have the difference between the pupil and the iris , well , in this case , i 'm basically going to be coloring everything and i 'm not going to not color in the , i 'm not going to worry about getting blue paint on the pupil at this point . so very , i mean we 're going , you almost see like , i 'm almost dabbing . i am not dragging my brush across the canvas . keep in mind , we 're going to bring the blue all the way up here to where it meets the eyelid . whenever painting the eyes , it 's good to look at it as say like several layers on a dish . and you want to pain the bottom one first . in this case , we already have the white of the eye taken care of with our base paint . we 're not going to alter that . but we do have to then put in the iris after which we 'll put in the pupil and then we 'll worry about doing all the around like black and shading lines . but you start off by painting the eyes with the iris and then you come back in here with some black , this can be something that you can do right away or , again , wait until after thins dry . once we have our pupil and iris drawn in , painted in that is , let 's start with a mixture of black and the red we 've been using for the skin tone . start bringing this eyelid in . right towards where the interior of the eye , is going to be a small , slightly darker region . and we gently come around the bottom of the eye more than not is softer than the top of the eye . also , do n't think of this as a solid line . you notice how i am blending the outside of it . i 'm making the top a little heavier , a little thicker , because that will also simulate the effect of an eyelid . you can also put little dots down here if you want to simulate having some eyelashes . that 's a very subtle effect though . do n't feel like you have to make it . make sure we 're going all the way down to the blue , bringing it across . so , see you actually see now we have a nice eyelid area and a border for our eye which is doing a nice frame for our eyeball .
ah-PM4tolJ4 hi . i 'm jen from clay cafe and on behalf of expert village i 'll be showing you how to take your ceramic piece from start to finish . another great thing masking tape is for is for creating zebra stripes . which is very , very popular right now . the way we create zebra stripes is . i 'm going to use the same tile except i 'm going to use the opposite side . so to do zebra stripes , all i 'm going to do is take some masking tape , tear some off and then i 'm just going to simply strip the masking tape in to sections . and what i 'm going to try to do is i 'm going to try to tear it so that it ends in a point . so we just tear it like that . so i 've got a little stripe here . i 'm going to attach that to my piece . smooth it out . then i 'm going to do the same . i 'm going to tear some more . this one 's a bit longer and we 'll just attach that down . and smooth it out . now this time since i 've been going this way ? i 'm going to do some and go the opposite way . just to make it look a little bit more like a zebra . that piece did n't really work out for me . so i 'll try it again . so after we 've done this a couple times all i 'm simply going to do is paint 3 good coats of really whatever color you want . you do n't have to have black and white zebra . you can have a neon purple and yellow zebra if you want . you can have any zebra you can possibly imagine . so , once we have a couple stripes all i 'm simply going to do is start my painting . so i 've got a couple here . generally i would do a bit more . now , i 'm actually going to use the same color . we 're going to have a turquoise zebra today . so all i 'm going to do is i 'm going to dunk my paintbrush back in to my paint . make sure all my paint is smooth and simply paint directly on top of my tape . this is really fun to do , not only on flat surfaces but on round . i see these a lot on mugs and having the zebra stripes go up and down rather than horizontal it looks really , really great . and you can do it on almost any , any piece . which is really , really nice . you also do n't have to have them just one or two colors . you can introduce 3 or 4 colors by taping each section off . applying a different color underneath and then reapplying tap and adding more color . so now , all i 'm going to do is i 'm going to remove my tape . and wherever my tape was is actually going to stay white . so when i remove my tape we can start to see the formation of the zebra stripes . and , it 's as simple as that .
EHa5wk2q1lk now like in everything , before you 're going to achieve splits in the air , you want to first achieve splits on the ground so that 's what we 're going to go into right now , some basic simple splits , and maybe add a couple mementos and things in there for those of you who feel a little bit more advanced . first , you 're just going to go and point your right leg in this direction and your left leg slowly following your right . then slowly inch your legs all the way down bringing both your right and your left leg her for stability until you 're all the way down on the ground in a perfect stretched out position . your arms can also withstand . so if your arms are straight and your legs are straight you 're doing pretty good . since you felt the stretch on your right side , then you slowly bring your legs to the center and then pull yourself up into the middle and stand all the way back up , and then reverse it to the left side . on the left you again , point your feet towards the left direction and slowly inch yourself down using your right and left arm again for stability and bring your leg all the way down . straight leg , straight arms . then to get a little bit more of a stretch into the back area , slowly put your right hand to stable yourself and take your left arm , reach all the way back to your right foot . this adds a nice little memento and a nice little twist to the average splits . it also gives you a nice little stretch in your back as well . then to get out of it , slowly bring your leg down . use both of your arms and then just bring them back to the center and stand up . there you go . that 's your basic splits . now that you 've accomplished it in the ground , let 's try and accomplish it in the air .
3oesn5zju7I hi i 'm fernando with expert village and we are going over your sprinkler system and the question is how long does it actually take to install your sprinkler system and how much time should i allow in budget for this to happen ? if it is a one man show i would give yourself if it is your first time i would give yourself at least 2 weeks . to allow you to fail , to have some mishaps . if you are working with a friend or a contractor who knows exactly what they are doing you can knock this out in a couple of days . the other delays might come in ordering your sod and rocks and whatever additional materials you would need . but the key thing here is by planting your type of you know the train that your dealing with whether it is a solid rock , soft dirt , each of those would play huge factor as well . so in a normal environment where your not dealing with extreme circumstances you should be able to do this in a week . with help less and brand new give yourself more time and no pressure . i 'm fernando this is expert village .
buiyeNxMV_8 ok now that we have our base braid done , we 're going to begin our parting for the one that 's going to go across , and like i said before , when it comes to these crisscross braids planning is very important and i want to try to keep the proportion about the same on the hairline from where i started the other one . this one starts right here at the very top of the forehead so that 's what i want to aim for right here , so i 'm going to start with my comb right here , and again be careful with where you take your comb because you do not want to undermine the braid that you already have . so be very short with your stroke and be very calm with your combing . let 's see . try to get everything out and go ahead and just try to comb this forward . you just really , really want it to be out of the way . we can check our first line and that 's great . that 's perfect right there and then we can part our other side .
FQqIi37HCq0 the reason for which you need to buy a mostly customers buy the aftermarket unit is for simple reasons . sometimes they do want to upgrade , their systems and especially if you want to add an ipod to the stock radios . they usually the stock radios do n't have these features available . on when you buy and after market radio a like i told you before they 're equip already there . also when you want to do a big system like on add a , two woofers , you want more base in your system . it 's kind of hard to do it when you have a stock radio because they do n't usually have a , the features for them like a radio like this they already have it . if you look at it like i said again , they have the inputs for it so that make it easier for us to be able to hook a big system to them . also the sound quality it 's a lot better than just having a stock radio . if stock radio is the radio that come from the manufacture from the dealer so the basically what they have , they only have the am fm and cd player . that 's all it is they do n't have any type of a features that you can add to them so if you want to upgrade this radio you actually need to the dealer and the dealer charge so much that a , customer instead of a spending that much money on that they can actually save a lot of money and get something that is probably is going to do a lot better job with a lot less money .
5yZGdmZ9Hrk hi , my name is derek tarnow . i 've been playing guitar for twelve years , and i also teach and perform . in this segment , i 'm going to discuss how to buy a guitar . you know , the obvious answer is you go to a guitar store and give someone a lot of money , and they give you a guitar , but there 's a little bit more to the process than that . first , you need to decide what kind of guitar you want . if you 're a beginner , you know , how old are you ? are you ready for a full size guitar , or do you need a 3/4 size guitar ? generally , if you go to a guitar shop wanting to buy a guitar , they 're going to help you out , cause you know , they make a lot more money off of selling guitars than they do strings and that sort of thing , and guitar picks you know , cost a quarter . so , go to a guitar shop , find a guy , you know , feel him out , you know , some guys are , you know , pretty , you know , like used car salesmen , and and some of them are actually really nice as well . so , feel them out , check around , definitely do n't buy a guitar at the first stop . you want to shop around if if you have enough guitar shops in your available , in your area to to look do that . even if you do n't , it 's generally worth a drive to check out competitor pricing and all that . some things to consider , you know , like i said , how old are you ? what kind of guitar do you want to learn ? there 's a lot of different thought processes on on how , you know , what what should a beginner start on . should a beginner start on just an acoustic guitar , cause it 's straightforward ? should they only you know , uphold the fine classical tradition of western music , or should they buy an electric guitar and rock out ? i tend to believe that you should buy whatever guitar you want to learn on , because you 're going to practice more , and you know , over time you can expand it to other things if you decide you really like guitar , which is kind of my personal story . i got you know , electric guitar , and now i you know , went to college to learn guitar . i play jazz guitar now , and i play classical guitar now , and i would 've , probably if i 'd learned classical guitar first i would have quit immediately . but anyway , another thing to keep in mind is price . how much do you want to spend on your guitar ? i 'm sure , if you have ever gone to a guitar shop before , you know that they range , you know , anywhere from even like a hundred dollars to tens of thousands of dollars , and you know , there 's even some guitars that go for even more than that . generally , those are n't in guitar shops though . anyway , a general rule of thumb is that yeah , you do get what you pay for , but you know , some some brands of guitars that are more massly produced like fender strat , you know , you can get more bang for your buck in some cases . obviously , it 's important to play the guitar you 're going to buy , and actually play the actual guitar you 're going to buy ; not one like it . not one that is you know , like a different model of the same body type of whatever you want to play ; the guitar you 're going to buy . check it out , play it through your amp , bring in your stuff if you want , plug it in . you know of course , you know , they might , they might not let you do that with like the beginning guitar , but if you 're getting like a a nice guitar , chances are they 're going to be willing to to humor you a little bit . so really , just shop around ; do n't be afraid to check out other places . maybe even try some things that are like your second choice . just check it out and keep an open mind when you 're looking for a guitar .
aZ9XAGFCvV0 so we are going to go ahead and start first by providing some warm soothing nurturing touch for natalie on her neck . i 'm getting the muscles ready so i 'm placing my hands right underneath and stroke up her neck , just stroking up the sides of her neck , start first just by warming this area . you want to ultimately go all the way underneath here on her shoulders up the neck and all the way to the base of the head making sure that you are not putting any pressure of the spine . so stay on the sides of the neck . you can do one hand at a time if this is more comfortable . you can do both hands together . you can even interlace your fingers like this and interlace them underneath and give one long hug stroke all the way up . you just want to make sure that we 're warming the whole area by doing some sliding strokes on the sides of the neck and again do not put any pressure on the spine so avoid the spine on both sides , getting both shoulders and just warming up the area . so just stroking up , some nice warming strokes warming up the whole area all underneath the neck , making sure again we are not putting any pressure on the spine . just stroking and making sure everything is ready for the rest of our massage .
b49QTkRCMAc hi i 'm ann myrick and today we are going to talk about balancing your room with different types of furniture and what i mean by that is a lot of times you will walk into the room and you might have a room that has a lot of queen ann pieces which are very leggy pieces or you might have a lot of small tables that have lets and not a lot of pieces that have bases or upholstery that goes all the way down and what you really want to do is you want to balance that out . if you walk into a room and everything has a leg and nothing comes down solid the room looks too airy and it does n't look anchored so you always want to have a good balance between solid furniture that you ca n't see through along with some furniture that does have legs and what i mean with legging would be if i had a lot of pieces that just had legs and when you look down you could only see a lot of legs . so look at your rooms and see if there is a good balance between having solid pieces along with having some tables or some pieces that have legs . if you do have a few pieces that you feel like you want it to look a little more grounded then like an idea i had would be to have two identical chairs but one of them the base of it i want to kind of cover up and make it look a little bit more solid so what i do is i bring a chest over and sometimes i use , if i have like a vanity that has the hollow area in it where the chair fits i will put a neat plant with a planter and make it solid looking so this now kind of grounds this chair even more and it makes it more solid so you have solid , then you have airy then you have solid then you have leggy and you have a good assortment of the leggy and the solid pieces of furniture . this is ann myrick and that is how to balance your room .
E69cVubtZ-s my name is anthony maddaloni , i 'm a professional photographer from austin texas . i 'm going to be talking about making contact prints from 4x5 negatives . this is a 4x5 negative , from my 4x5 view camera . this is a print that i 've made from a negative . now if you look at this print , you can see that it is obviously from a 4x5 negative . the telltale notches are there . i can see exactly how this image was made . now this is a contact image made from a 4x5 negative . it 's a cyanotype , it 's toned in tea . and now when i 'm using my 4x5 negatives , this is a great way for me to use them . i can make enlargements in the dark room , or i can make contact prints with an alternative printing process . especially a process like this where my image is only going to be as big as my negative . now that 's not to say that i ca n't use a medium format negative , 2 1/4 , 6x7 , or even a 35mm negative to make a beautiful image . but i really want to see my image , and i find that 4x5 negative works just about perfectly for someone to look at it . and so that 's one reason why i still use 4x5 camera .
2JAHw2ZE1bg the marine organism we are going to identify now is the black durgeon . the black durgeon is a member of the triggerfish family of fishes . like all triggerfishes , the black durgeon has a long spine on the front of its first dorsal fin which can be raised and locked into position . this allows the black durgeon to duck into a crack or crevice in the reef and lock itself into place to avoid being eaten or extracted by predators . the black durgeon appears in most light underwater as a black , flattened-football shaped fish , with white or light blue lines separating the long dorsal and anal fins . but , in brighter light , such as near the surface of the tropical waters their true colors become more obvious . the black may actually have a bluish or greenish tint . their face may have a yellow or pink wash , and the irregular bright blue lines around their eyes become more obvious . in this light , they are truly a beautiful fish . they have a tiny mouth located essentially in the middle of their face . black durgeon are usually found in small groups near deep water reefs , although they may rise far above the reef to feed . so , you may actually be able to see them more closely on a safety stop at the end of a dive under the dive boat . they are rarely found below depths of a hundred feet . they are generally six to twelve inches in length , but may reach a maximum length of up to sixteen inches . black durgeons are found around the world , although called other names in other regions . they are fairly common fish in the caribbean and florida waters . black durgeon feed primarily on calcareous algae , zoo plankton , and fitoplankton . they will also feed on leftovers tossed over the side of dive boats , competing with the yellowtail jacks that are so common near dive boats . they are generally a shy fish , and will swim away . but , if you are fairly motionless on your safety stop at the end of your dive and black durgeons are around , they may swim very near you . black durgeon exist as separate male and female specimens , but there are no differences in their coloration . black durgeon build nests in the sand by blowing water from their mouths in a jet-like fashion . the nest is a circular , shallow depression in the bottom sand , in which the sticky round eggs are laid and fertilized . the female guards the eggs until they hatch . during this time , the female can be quite aggressive and will bite anything , including divers , who venture too close to the nest . and , the bites can hurt , trust me . i inadvertently drifted too close to a queen triggerfish nest once , and was bit on the top of the head . it hurt like heck , and i had a circular cut on my scalp from the bite . that is the black durgeon .
aabZs04yaTE hi , i 'm paula broussard of lotus henna , and i 'm here to talk to you at expert village about the beautiful art of henna . i 'm an artist who discovered henna about seven years ago , and i 'm fascinated with the beautiful designs that henna creates on the skin . i 'll be showing you how to mix henna , how to buy henna , how to find henna , as well as how to make henna art on various objects such as wood and fabric and paper , and of course henna on the skin . i 'll be showing you how to put a design on henna and how to embellish henna with glitter and glitter glue and jewels and how to make henna a fabulous accessory for you .
F1TUlOq6p5c hi . i 'm melina and welcome to expert village . today we 're going to make a polymer clay bowl . for this next step , once we 've added all of canes , we 're going to go ahead and add clay to this bottom area here . you do n't really want to cane all the way down to the bottom because then anything that you put in the bowl is going to come out . so you want the bottom to be just a regular surface . so what we 're going to do is we 're going to take some color and you can take some scraps from your canes and you can mix it in . and that way the whole thing matches . and now we 're going to make a round circle . and we 're going to flatten it . then you can kind of eyeball it and see if you need to make it a little bit bigger or a little bit smaller . and then we 're going to attach it to our bowl . and remember , you 're using the foil covered round piece at the bottom . we 're using it as a mold so you do n't want to stick it really to that . you want to stick it more to the canes . and you can trim it if you need to . and then what we 're going to do just so it does n't look sloppy is we 're going to take a roll of clay and for this we 're going to go ahead and use a contrasting color , just to make it interesting . and you want to try to keep it as even as possible . now , we 're going to make some marks . because whenever you stick you want to make some marks and apply glue if you have it . you 're going to put down your piece and you 're going to mold it around the edge where the cane meets this bottom piece . and you 're going to go ahead and go around it twice . this is just giving the bowl a more completed finished look .
3xcd7Jj1crY alice monsaert : this exercise on the bosu is going to be the squat . now , you want to master the squat on the floor before you attempt to do it on the bosu . in a squat , the body remains upright . the feet come about hip distance apart . and the first action is the hips moving back so the hips move back , then the knees bend , and the arms can reach forward because you feel more balanced , counterbalancing the arms with moving forward . so , here 's my squat on the floor . i want to keep my spine in alignment , my shoulders back . what i need to avoid is moving into the knees where the knees comes past the toes . so once you 've got that on the floor , your next challenge is to take it on the bosu . so , we 're adding that stability challenge and i want to focus out in front . and if looked down , i most likely will lose my balance . so , keep my shoulders up , my head up , and i push the hips back , bring the arms forward , keep my focus , and then lift . what we 're targeting on is the glutes , the hamstrings and the quadriceps in a squat . sitting back , chest stays lifted , my focus goes forward , and i lift up . i can add a kinesthetic challenge to that as well by looking over to the right side and or left side when i do that squat or just staying in the center for my squat on the bosu .
cqK4X5LYnlo now , we 're going to trim her bangs and this is a very easy thing for you . usually a lot of people take the time to cut their bangs at home maybe between services and that 's a good way of keeping the hair out of your face . i 'm going to show you an easy thing to do when you 're in any kind of situation where you have n't gotten the chance to see your stylist and you need a bang trim . so , brush the hair . place it behind the ear and isolate the bang . bang area gets decided . if you need to find out what you need to do to decide where the bang goes , there 's a very quick trick you can do at home . take your comb to the curvature of the head and wherever that point is that 's where the bangs begin , okay . so , we 're going to isolate the bangs . i already done this for this section and now i 'm going to move on to the next one . we 're going to bring the hair back to the back of her ear so that it stays out of your way , okay . i 'm going to demonstrate exactly the triangle that shelly 's bangs happened to fall on . now , what you want to do is you want to make sure that the bangs have some moisture in it not very much just keep it moist . bring it straight up . now , remember that it 's better to cut a little off than to cut too much , okay . bring it straight up and you will also know there is hair that belongs to the back of the head because of the difference of the length . now , take the little bit of hair , and just place it back . bring the hair straight up and point cut at it , okay just take the shears and very softly very gently point cut . now , bring it straight forward the exact same thing . we 're going to point cut . be sure to measure the bangs as they come down the front of her face . if you need to cut a little more then by all means come on right back straight up . do a little more point cutting and straight forward and do a little more point cutting . now , i like where the bangs are falling so i 'm going to leave it the way it is . if i was to cut a little more , then her bangs will be right there and we do n't want to do that . so , remember that when doing the bangs , it 's always easier for you to take less than to take more . you can always take more but you can never take the hair back .
3YTmWyS4LRg hi , i 'm sean hobson , and what we 're talking about right now is the importance of being able to shoot off of the move . one of the most important things that you 've got to do in an offense is keep moving . it 's going to be very easy to guard this guy defensively , if he never moves in the offense . that 's why we run a lot of motion style of offenses , is to keep the defense off balance . most of the time you 're not going to receive any shot where you 're just standing there , and you get the ball and you shoot the jump shot . the majority of the time , you 're going to have to either be running off the screen , or cutting to the basket , or moving off of a pass , or relocating off of a pass or something . but , it 's very , very important to get this guy to move in the offense . we 're going to show blake kind of right now , just move him back and forth , he pops out , then we can kick it to him for a shot , and it 's a lot easier to get him the ball there , than if he 's standing in one spot and i have to throw it to that one spot , or if i 'm posting and he moves backwards , then i can catch him off the move , if i make a good pass . but , the main thing is , we 've got to make sure that these guys move within the offense and catch off the move , and that they 're able to shoot , when they catch off the move .
d56QiHiSXh4 some of the most common problems you get when learning how to juggle four clubs are pretty easily fixable , well , easy to know how to fix them anyway . it might take some practice to actually get that fix to work . now one of the things that happens most is that the clubs in one of your hands will just collide with each other , that is they 'll hit , something like that , and it will just go flying all over . so the fix for that is you have to try and really angle your wrist more , get it so each throw is going out and so they each travel from here , then down , so that they 're never on the same path . so the club coming down is not on the same path as the club going up . so really angle your wrist just a little bit more . it 's the same thing if the two hands intersect in the middle , perhaps your hands are starting to cross , you 're like turning one way or turning the other . just think about angling those wrists out and getting those throws as clean as possible . another very common problem is spin . it 's really hard to get those double spins perfect every time . for this you just need to practice , you just need to sit there and work on those double spins and try and get the height to line up with the spin as closely as possible . and you just have to practice that , and not drop like that . you just have to practice until you can do that as well as you can .
bxPH-LRp-mY my name 's ryan parker with parker home renovations in new braunfels , texas , and today i 'm going to teach you how to replace a cabinet door hinge . if you have a cabinet door hinge that is either fallen off or bent or is rusted shut at your house , you may have to replace it . now the first thing you 're going to want to do is you want to take a look at the hinge that is currently on the door and try to find one that 's similar to it , that will fit in the same application . these hinges here you can get at just about any , any local hardware store and these are very good hinges to keep the door shut and they 're very sturdy and very strong . now what you 're going to want to do is you 're going to want to take the old hinges off the door . now , once you take the old hinges off the door , you 're not going to be able to use the existing holes where the screws go because those holes may be stripped out or you want to find new wood to screw to so the hinges will hold better . now what you do is you 'll mount the hinge on the back of the cabinet door two inches from the top of the door , two inches from the bottom of the door on the hinge side . you 'll want to slide it into place , and you 'll want to pop a screw in each one of these holes here on the back of the door . now once you get both hinges put on the top and on the bottom of the door , you 'll want to hold the door in place . now this hinge here mounts on the outside of the facing of the cabinet . so you 'll hold the door in place , and then you 'll line it up with the other doors and then you 'll pop a screw in the top and the bottom of each hinge . my name 's ryan parker with parker home renovations . and that 's how you fix a door hinge . you can visit me at parkerhomerenovations.com .
Dllc4EqQkIM the software instrument track is a little bit different than the audio track . the audio track , you know , it records audio . it holds the audio data . what a software instrument track does is it holds midi data . the midi data ... it goes out of the instrument track . it actually goes through any of the software instrument tracks that you might be using . there 's a bunch within logic . you know what i 'm saying . some people might have native instruments . there 's a bunch of different programs you can get through there as well . when going into your session , what you got to do is you can create a software instrument track by either pressing the plus or a copy of the duplicate settings , as long as the prior one is of a software instrument . what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to add the plus . now , the plus is going to bring up this window , and i 'm going to choose software instrument , and press create . now , once this is open , it 's all math . you 're going to set it to right here at the top for the presets within the software instrument . so i can actually go in and choose different types of instruments and record that data . there 's a lot of different ones here and it seems -- let 's see , let 's go with this one .
_1ICF_xGMcI so in this section i 'm going to go over how to juggle clubs on the unicycle . now it 's really important as a prerequisite that already know how to juggle before you try to put the two together . so i 'm going to go ahead and hop on the unicycle using the free mount method . i find it 's much easier to juggle on the unicycle using the idle as opposed to riding . okay , so i 'm going to hop on it like so . get your idle nice and relaxed . start off with one club . and go back and forth . couple things i went over before about relaxing , freeing up your hands , as far as exercises go , and bring them in like this , up in the air , tap your head , rub your belly , whatever . and then i would go one hand to the other with the club . back and forth . one , two -- my hands are very relaxed , my idles relaxed . only concentrate on the juggling at this point . try to forget about the idle . now if you know how to juggle , which you probably do if you 're watching this video , you know to always look about -- look at the top of the pattern when you 're juggling , which works out well on a unicycle , because on the unicycle you look about six feet ahead of you when you 're doing it . now if you notice how relaxed my idle is . okay , it 's really important that you have a very good idle before you start doing this . go back and forth . rehearse that for a little bit until you feel comfortable . and then go ahead and grab the second club , hop back on it , and then do a one two , one two , one two , one two , one two , one two . and then when you feel comfortable , you 're relaxed and ready to go for the third club . okay , start with two clubs in one hand , one in the other . whenever you feel comfortable go ahead and throw the three clubs up in the air , and i begin to juggle . see , it 's very , very easy to just try to twist your body one way or the other . try to keep it as straight as possible . keep it up in the air . and that , guys , is how you juggle on a unicycle .
FGpFSs7VXFA okay , now we 're going to go through some of the basic menu operations on the lcd screen of the canon 40d . again , the best way to navigate through these menu options is by using the quick control dial on the back in conjunction with the main dial on the top of the camera . the main dial will help you to navigate through each of the basic more general menus at the top of the screen . and then the quick control dial with help you scroll through these other sub-menus . here in the camera settings we have a quality setting , a red eye setting , to turn on or off , a beep setting which you can turn off and on , that setting i usually turn off just to keep the camera quiet sometimes it beeping when your auto focus is achieved and it can be disturbing . you have a shoot with a card i have turned on because i have memory card inserted in the camera . you can choose to have your camera shoot without the card . if you wanted to do that you can select press set on the menu dial , and then scroll through the options here to turn that off . i 'm going to go ahead and leave that on . and then the review time , these are the basic camera settings again . the review time is just the time that the image will load on your lcd screen ; right after it 's been shot . two seconds is actually pretty long . usually it 's sufficient for reviewing the image you just shot . if you wanted though , you could turn that off completely saves a little bit of battery time . you can also hold the image until you press the playback button at the bottom of the lcd screen , if you wanted the image to stay there for a longer amount of time . but right now i 'm just going to leave it at two seconds , and then scroll over to the next camera settings here . obviously you can see there 's a white balance settings , and color space settings , as well as picture style . there are all kinds of options here in the menu , and the best way again to scroll through them is by using the quick control and the main control dial .
0HObK-sd2ds hi i 'm ann myrick and today we 're going to talk about outfitting your powder room . this is a small little powder room . it has a great fun color in it . things you want to think about is you want a nice size mirror . you want bright lights so people can come in and check their makeup . sometimes people will put dimmers in it because they like the mood of a darker powder room also so you could have dimmers in your lights . you want to be sure that it has the things that you need in a powder room . you want fresh towels , a lot of times if you are having a group those little paper towels are nice because you can use it and some people are funny about using the same towel so you could put some of those little paper hand towels out and then just use it and throw it away . you want to be sure that you have soap . i would say in here we have just one of these just little plastic bottles but i would say that for your powder room when you have guests you might want to have just a really nice pretty dispenser because we do n't have a lot in this powder room and you do n't want a whole lot but what you have in here you want it to be special and pretty so for these little utilitarian bottles you might want to get something that is a little bit nicer . you want to be sure that your powder room is really clean . you want to clean around your toilet , you want , when people come in , friends , people are going to , this is where your guests are going to go so you want to be sure that your powder room is very clean , toilet is cleaned out . you want to have extra toilet paper . we have a basket in here and the basket , i have magazines along with several rolls of toilet paper so if you are having a party and you are in the other room and somebody needs to come in they can find the toilet paper or whatever they need and not have to hunt you down . then also fun rug . this is a great rug that we found . it has a lot of color and it just adds fun zip . you want to be sure if you have a rug in your bathroom or wherever you have little throw rugs that they have a rubber gripper on them for the guests or a family member is not going to slide so just go into your powder room and see if there is everything in it that you need to be able to wash your face , wash your hands , go to the bathroom and just have fun decorating your room . this is ann myrick and that is how to outfit your powder room .
4D6Ee5R6jFc and then , oops , and then you might want to , you might want to dab it . and then a little darker . and then you can , also you can give it a shadow to make it look like it 's and this , this type of decoration the cantes leaves in the pearls , you know all of that , these can also be done , and i 'll show you later , they can also be done just with a round heel script pen . but my last little offer in here , to show you about gems is , here 's another one of those repeat patterns that i did , that i , the rest of this painting was a longer painting and i made the rest of it into bookmarks . but here are some gems that i spent a little bit more time with and you see what i did . i gave them all this little white sparkle . and i went to contrast on the other side . and then these little guys , i do n't know what these guys are , but they almost wound up looking like gems also . this is , this is a metallic paint . it 's a brass metallic paint an acrylic wash. and this is a silver and i do n't know whether you can see it or not but this is silver . and what i did there was , i had silver on my brush and i just went back and forth like this to make a little pattern . and then this was , this was gold , gold dots . and the gold dots guess how they were made , with a q-tip . try to be even .
DXXDojbbrMo here i did a very dramatic variation of just a one piece tank suit . i made the leg holes go way , way , way up kind of like the speedo we did earlier . not for range of motion . this is more of a `` oh , i have to drink my cocktail by the pool , '' lounging bathing suit as opposed to functionality of performance . you are really not going to race anywhere expect maybe for another martini or something like that when wearing this one . and typically there will be heels ; that 's what i see , my inspiration , would be heels and huge sun glasses and very dark tan and just lounging all day by the pool . dream . but i have it going up high on the hips and then to accentuate the high hip part even more , i have it dipping way low at the chest . that makes it . the hips brings out the chest , the chest brings out the hips . and it cohesively acts as a dramatic silhouette .
1zzxKZxeUYI okay , in this example i 'm going to play over a and f major , and pretty much what i 'm going to do here is use a little bit of technical playing , like some kind of speed pick passages with melodic phrasing , and over the music it sounds like this . what i did there , even though it 's kind of overplaying , but sometimes it 's kind of fun , you can just kind of let loose . especially if you 're playing live , do a little bit of melodic playing , and then just kind of rip and then kind of end on a melodic note . and in this case again was like a tap harmonic . i went -- you know did a tap harmonic . and some of the things like going , kind of like ripping a little bit . sometimes it 's fun to do . you do n't have to play slow or bending all the time . melodic passages like -- just pretty much use your imagination where you want to go from there .
dMb2kWTL1zE hi , my name is derek tarnow . i 've been playing guitar for twelve years and i teach and perform . now what i 'm going to talk about in this segment is how to read guitar tab . guitar tab is something to be very careful with when you 're learning how to play guitar because it is really easy to read and it 's accessible . it 's on the internet , all over the place if you search your favorite rock and roll song or your favorite pop tune or whatever . chances are , you 're going to come up with 30 different guitar tabs for it . that 's all well and good but if you 're going to learn guitar , you should really learn the note names and how to read music and all that as well just so you can later apply it to other things that you learn on guitar . not just how to play one song . you can learn , you know , a chord and then when you see that chord later , you 'll know what it is and you 'll be able to apply it to that song . or , if it 's like a rift or whatever , there 's a lot of notes that are repeated in like several other rifts . so anyway , that 's all the bad stuff i 'm going to say about guitar tabs . but , anyway it is good because it 's easy . anyway , as you see here , we have six different lines . these represent the six different strings of the guitar . it 's really easy to see if you have a guitar . it 's actually up-side-down kind of . if you were to flip the paper side ways , like my paper is guitar is sideways , like this . you can see this is the low e string and you lay it down and that 's why it 's laid out the way it is . just because that 's just how it happened . anyway , this is the low e string , this is a , d , g , this is the high e string . whenever you 're reading guitar tabs , you 're going to see numbers . those numbers represent the frets you 're suppose to play . so if you see zero , that means to play the open string . so let 's say , there 's a zero on the e string right there . you play open e. very simple . if there 's a 1 , you play the first fret which is f. if there 's a 2 play the second fret , f sharp . 3 that 's g on the third fret . and , the same applies to all the other strings . another thing that makes guitar tab kind of dangerous is that a lot of times , especially if you 're getting it off the internet , is that there 's not rhythmic indications . so , if you have n't heard a song before , you wo n't be able to play the song because you wo n't know how it goes . nevertheless , that 's guitar tab . it 's easy and it 's a good way to learn your favorite song .
aNXT09CxteA hi , i 'm jim leske , animal trainer and behaviorist for expert village . today we  re here with bear , and we 're talking about down and stay on command . remember in the basics we were only trying to get a couple of feet away . now in advanced training , we 're really wanting to put it . remember we got there step by step . we tried and tried . it 's better to succeed at three feet , than it is to fail at thirty . now remember you get there two steps at a time . the rule of thumb is that if you succeed at three feet , succeed three times at two feet . okay ? so now we 're going to try to do this on the down stay . so bear , sit . very good boy ! down . very good boy ! i take my time getting up . very good , he 's nice and calm and relaxed . stay . backing up , backing up . he 's not moving , he 's doing very , very good . he 's not moving . very , very , very good ! now i  m going to give him the hand cue , and he should come on spot . good boy . very good boy ! very good ! very good ! and we always finish with automatic sit . they know how to run right past us . there 's no sense rewarding that behavior . that 's why we make them sit at the end of that session . it reaffirms that you 're the pack leader , but it also again . they 're sitting in front of you , they ca n't run by you . so , i 'm jim , this is bear , he did a great job . thanks for helping us out bear . and you 're watching expert village .
bw5c7FriRi8 today i 'm going to go over a garage band . now garage band 's another music production software tool that we use on the mac . this is garage band right here , it works a lot like logic . and you can actually use some of the garage band sessions in your logic eight or logic seven . what we can do is take a look at the main screen . this is the basic arrange window where you hold all your tracks and it works on layering tracks . you can record tracks one at a time . under here we have an edit window and as well as a loop browser . we also have an info window or info track info window , as well as for software instruments and for master tracks . on each software instrument and master track , we got details that we can open up . and these are the details of the track . we can add different things like effects and compression . and at the top we have all your regular functions as far as like creating new session and things like that . we also have track options as far as hiding certain parts of your track and bringing up tracks , as well as duplicating and copying . we also have things for your loop browser , ducking and options for your grid .
bDjT1STLnes katie bowers : hi , my name is katie bowers with expert village , and you are watching my aerobics segment combined with boot camp . so i 'm going to go ahead and do is kinda leave off where we did on that mambo , cha-cha . so i 've just kinda finished right here . and you want to do it . it 's designed to kinda connect you to go into the next available move . so mambo , cha-cha , mambo . instead of going into a cha-cha from the mambo , pivot and pivot . so that left leg is going to go forward . actually , your right leg is going to go forward . excuse me . mambo , cha-cha , mambo . here we go now . pivot , left . can we do that again , i 'm sorry . man : here comes take two . katie bowers : okay . man : take two . katie bowers : okay . man : this is the pivot jack . pivot jack coming down in three , two . katie bowers : hi , my name is katie bowers with expert village , and you are watching aerobics with boot camp . this next segment i 'm going to show you is kinda coming out of the mambo , cha-cha going into a pivot turn . so you want to try doing this with a little bit of momentum and go for that mambo , cha-cha , mambo , cha-cha . from the cha-cha , you 're in midair , you 're going to pivot . so i 'm going to just bring my left leg forward , pivot turn and pivot turn . so at pivot turn , you 're just using that leg , that left leg and pulling it forward and pulling it forward . and if you want to change direction and go on the other leg , you can do that too . but we 'll do it with the left first . so go -- begin with the mambo , cha-cha , mambo , cha-cha , pivot turn , pivot , pivot and then come in together . after the pivot , you 're going to go right into jacks . jack , four , three , four , to mambo , cha-cha , mambo , cha-cha , pivot , pivot , jack , two , three , four . so try that altogether . mambo , cha-cha , mambo , pivot , one , two , jack , two , three , four .
3wQJXSL6sjo next we are going to talk about actually stringing your beads onto your wire that you have here with the end of your clasp already done . so what i do it since the turquoise is already on a nylon bead that the manufacturer gives you . you just clip off one end . the reason why i clip off one end , i do n't take them all off , you can do that and lay them on there , but it 's easier for me because then i can grab like five or six beads , hang on to it and then string my beads through it and you can see this . i have several beads going through and i slide them through . sometimes the holes are a little bit small so you just drop one , string it through . here 's a bigger one . and once you have doubled up your strings , you can see how it falls right through . and what you do is you just slide that down and that beginning and you just do this until it ? s all filled up with turquoise beads .
EntbgZPO4S8 all right , when you start off your double back handspring , the first part is exactly the same as if you were doing just a round off single back handspring , so you you start either with your power hurdle , or or your running , whichever you prefer . you hurdle into your round off , and you want to make sure that your first back handspring really sets the proper position for the second band back handspring as well ; making sure you 're reaching back , and placing your head where it needs to be . so you complete your first back handspring , and as you do , you just keep your toes under , getting ready to just pop right into the second one . you do n't want to have to stop and and and get ready again to throw it . you want to keep that momentum moving on . and again , you 're going to hear that rhythm of your hands and feet hitting the ground , and it should be a pretty steady rhythm as you complete that pass . a lot of mistakes that i see people do , especially on their double back handsprings , besides just stopping is they 'll try and throw it like a back tuck . they 'll they 'll freak themselves out , and they 'll throw their head way up and and and bend their arms in , and just completely forget every technique that they worked on earlier . so you want to remember to keep everything in your control nice and tight , like we talked about before ; having your head exactly where you want it to be ; just keeping your arms straight up by your ears in that position the whole time .
3fpC7YbG5W4 hi , i 'm tim gipson , i 'm going to talk to you about how to remove rust . now there 's a couple of ways you can - there are several ways that you can remove rust . you can - if you 've got some heavy rusted parts you can get a commercial or chemical type of rust remover that 's available in any home improvement store or hardware store . and you can also make your own rust remover in just some common things you have around the house . so if you have some baking soda , and some lemon juice or vinegar you can mix those together up in a paste and actually apply that to a surface and let it sit for a while . and you know , whether you 're using a chemical or a homemade type of rust remover , if you have some tools or anything like that that are rusted , then you simply just spread that on , and what you want to do is you want to let that sit for several minutes to allow it to penetrate and dissolve that rust . once you do that , you can just take a paper towel and you can wipe it and in most cases very easily you can - that rust will be removed . now another thing you can use is - it 's usually good to keep something like a wd forty around . wd forty we can just spray it on and then use a very fine sandpaper like a three-twenty or a four hundred and then just very lightly sand the surface . so if we do that as you can see , very easily we can remove - and a good thing about using wd forty or using a light oil is it also can condition your tools and make them a little less susceptible to forming rust on the surface . and actually be - particularly wd forty is a water displacement type of solution so it 's specifically designed to keep water out , moisture out and keep things from rusting . so i 'm tim gipson with some tips on how to remove rust .
D4hFWRnMPxg hi my name is lauren and on behalf of expert village i am here to discuss short curly locks with you . as you can see i have finished curling the rest of heather 's hair and she does have a lot of volume going throughout the top . in the sections that is what you want to create because you want the hair to have a little bit more volume to it . the idea of these up dos is to create a little bit more shorter hairstyle so that they have a little more hair to work with . she does have this bang that hangs forward and she has got a very heavy bang so there is two different options that we can do . we can either weave this bang and put it to the side . if you are going to do that , we are going to curl it a little bit differently . what i suggest is grabbing the entire piece of that bang and if you would like for that to go to the side you are literally going to have your duck bill facing to the side , bring it out , and then just grab that little end , just the very end you want to touch on it so that way if you were working the bangs into the style by keeping them down we can simply brush them over , help form those curls , and it will simply work into the rest of her hair . if we decided to take some of them away and leave that , then i would also curl this one back which would wind up creating more volume right in that front section . so that way as it goes back it will fall a little bit nicer and it will create a little bit of softness around the face . if it is having trouble because most of her hair is trained to go the exact way that we wear it every day which she does wear that heavy bang , then just give it a little bit of a spray and if you need to a little bit of a back comb which again is holding the hair up and going very slightly , deaden it with either a teasing brush or you can use a regular comb and just kind of patting that hair down in order for it to go . if she wanted to keep her bangs forward , you would do the same thing that we did on the side except your duck bill would now be on top and then you would simply roll them under . you do not want to go all the way to the top of the root , you want to go just to the ends to give a little bit of curl , a little bit of transformation . if you go too much , it may be hard for you to get rid of that volume and have it sit and lay directly flat .
-dK6mH2v-64 so , as we drop into this dragon position , a lot of whether your foot is flat on the floor is going to depend on your ankle flexibility . many people do n't have the flexibility to be able to put their heel flat on the floor in this position . so , it 's perfectly fine to keep that ankle bent up to whatever angle you need to in order to maintain this position . the ankle is not necessarily important , it 's keeping the body sunk down over the leg , which is important , wherever your ankle manages to be in that position is fine . that being said , the more you can draw your heel down to the floor and sink forward , the more you 're going to be gaining flexibility in the ankle and that 's going to help your martial arts training , especially when we 're doing kicks and using darthaflexion and plantar flexion for thrusting forward
eX8mJ6bqNG8 hi , i 'm mary with expertvillage.com and today we 're going to start talking about the basic strokes and how you start pet massage . very very first thing i have got to emphasize is how gentle your stroke needs to be when you 're working with an animal . if you 've had a massage by human beings before , you know that there 's the light stokes and there 's the deep tissue stokes . on no circumstance should you ever do a deep tissue stroke on a dog , you will hurt them . you take a nickel , you put it on the back of your hand and you feel how much that is , that is the amount of pressure you use on an animal . please , keep that in mind . you cup your hand , you 're going to start at the head . you 're just going to very slowly go down , long and slow and easy . now normally it 's best if the animal is standing . however , since keeta has got severe arthritis and she 's thirteen years old , she does n't like to stand very much . so i 'm going to do this lying down . you 're going to pass from nose to tail , three times , the main thing here is it 's long and slow and steady , it is not a petting stroke . remember , massage is not just petting your pet .
5HA8DkBlmXE once again , i 've learned a little bit about how to stand on your toeside . you want to do a toeside falling leaf . it 's the same thing as the heelside falling leaf ; you 're just facing up the hill . remember , keep your weight over your toes or you 're going to catch a heel as you fall backwards . once you start sliding , all you have to do to come to a stop is look back up the mountain . it 's as easy as that . make sure your eyes are centered and your hips are forward . go ahead and look where you want to go and let it happen . then , to come to a stop roll those eyes back to the mountain . once you start moving , go ahead and look back up the hill . and , as you can see it 's easy as that . look back up the hill and you 'll come to a perfect landing . and , that 's how you falling leaf on your toeside .
dwyGX603L6g okay now that we 've got it to this point here , you  ve got it nice and dry . you 're just going to be able to take it , what you want to do is create a flange like that . just like that okay . then take your nice rib , or a good sponge here , this is n't a rib , and strengthen it up like that . now that you 've got it there , you want to put some holes in it . and in order to do that , first of all you want to be real careful not to flop this over like that , but you just want to dry your hands off real good , because you 're going to be touching this thing a lot . and you want to take and use our needle tool to make these holes . and i 'm going to show you how to do that .
EJ7GauOwuh4 storm is an ability that triggers when the spell is played . you can tell it is a trigger because it says when you play this spell copy it for each other spell played before it this turn . every triggered ability starts with either when , whenever , or at the beginning of and then the phase that it triggers on so if this is the fourth spell this turn you 'll be able to search your library for four basic land cards , reveal them , and put them into your hand . each separate trigger , each separate copy of the spell that storm generates , resolves as a separate spell rather than all at once . one important point is that if you copy this spell , the copy goes on to the stack without ever being played . you are allowed to choose new targets for the copy but it does n't copy the storm effect because storm only triggers when it is played . if it did that it would say copy target instant or sorcery spell and play it which it clearly does not .
FsM8G_J5DDk so you are probably wondering `` why the feet ? '' everybody wants their feet rubbed . what is wrong with that ? it is not really a problem . the thing is that this right here takes on all the load . it takes on everything and there is definitely an old saying that old horses , when they injure themselves , the only reason you shoot a horse is because it can no longer stand on it 's feet . their feet have , or their hoofs have trigger mechanisms to jump start their heart , just like our feet . our feet have trigger points within them that are attributed to different organs in the body , and like i said , without the feet , there is no way you can stand , there is no way you can keep your body upright and it just takes on so much stress and strain . the great thing about is that there is not too many muscles in the feet , it 's all tendons and bone and different things like that . so the muscles that are in the foot are definitely effected . so , we are going to focus on the muscles in the feet and the organs in the feet .
2ElcQ2lg7-I hi their on behalf of expertvillage.com i am candance copeland . i am here with my continuing process of explaining raw hide art and the process that i do . i wanted to give you and idea what one of the molds would like if you had this and what it looks like when it comes out of raw hide much more attractive i think . these are those funky old things from who knows when does say made in the usa which is exciting . that was tourist type item , but what i ended up doing instead of having him with his crossed legs was to add his blanket and his alter space . so i made a little native blanket . this is his tobacco cause he is holding his pipe . so this is his little sacred tobacco thats in here and then i put a nice little piece of pua shell there on his necklace and his fur is i am think is i use to get a lot of fur up in alaska i fly alaska layovers and go to the furry 's and they let me dig through all their things for bear and coyote and all kinds of different kinds of fur so it made it fun to use to use for decoration on these pieces and then notice that i have the human hair braids coming down here and his again tollatly in the round that could be like a puppet .
Dll_MP475Jc this is nancy et johnson , mathematics teacher , and this is how to find the reciprocal of a whole number . reciprocals are normally thought of as the number that you need to multiply times a fraction to get an answer of one . so for example , two thirds times three halves is equal to six over six which is one . or , five eighths times eight fifths equals forty over forty which is also one . so eight fifths is the reciprocal of five eighths , and vice versa , and three halves is the reciprocal of the two thirds , and vice versa . but we want to know how to find the reciprocal of a whole number . what number times three is going to be equal to one ? well , if we change three into a fraction , three over one , we can easily see that we would need one over three in order to get three thirds which is one . so the reciprocal of three over one is one over three , the whole number three has a reciprocal of one third . as another example we could take the number eight again , we could always change a whole number into a fraction by putting a one underneath it because it simply means eight divided into just one group , so we have eight . the reciprocal is one over eight . that gives us eight over eight or one as an answer , so we can verify that this number multiplied times eight , gives us an answer of one , and is therefore the reciprocal . that 's how to find the reciprocal of a whole number , and i 'm nancy et johnson , mathematics teacher .
3AQmMworiPY just like the c major and d major scales for the e major scale we 're only going to play it in the first position and just in one octave . so playing it with the interval exercise would sound like this . and now we 're going to go down e major scale . so just like when you 're practicing the e major scale . when you 're doing your e major scale with the interval exercise . you just want to stay in the first position . practicing it slowly so you can hear the intervals between each note . this will help you learn your whole steps and your half steps just like we were talking about earlier . so it 's a way to not only practice a scale and your bowing exercises . but also to reinforce learning the intervals . the whole steps and half steps that we were learning before . and next we 're going to play another scale .
Cx5lZuEAqkk in squash there are many ways of scoring now . the traditional scoring is you can only score a point when you serve and if i won that point i would get one point and then i would go over to this side and then i would serve and if i lost that point , now my opponent would be serving and the score would be one mine , zero his . now when you come in you have the choice to serve from either side but once you have won one point then you have to go to the other side but there is a new type of scoring that is become popular in the last ten or fifteen years that is called point a rally scoring so every point counts so it does n't matter whether you are serving or not the point counts so that is the traditional english scoring is the old way , you can only score when you serve which is similar to volleyball and the point a rally or par is also known as american scoring and that is when you can score on every point . it changes the game a little bit . if you know that every point counts you may be less inclined to attack every ball where if you know they ca n't score unless they are serving it might make you a little more confident so those are what the terms mean . english scoring is the old style but the more professional term that they are using now is the point a rally scoring .
D4CmeoJGxU4 alright , now we 're ready to start cleaning the parts . you 're going to need a knife like this , a mat knife , a little smaller knife . it ? s helpful to have a chisel like this , but if you do n't have one , a screwdriver or anything you can get down in these slots with will work . and i like to use this little copper brush . let 's start with one of the legs . take your small knife and just get down in the hole and scrape it out . usually i like to do this process sitting down with something nice on the radio , maybe a cold drink , because it can be a little bit tedious . clean the hole out like that . you want to look down in there , make sure you got all the clumps of glue out and then just give it a tap and all the junk will fall out . then we 'll go to the slat back . for this , i use this knife . scrape every one of these little tabs here just like that . clean them . make sure you get the glue off the shoulder right in that part . and we 'll do the same thing to every one of these parts .
eY32ru3Nstc i 'm going to show you how to make a razberi sunsplash , a wonderfully fruity cocktail . we are going to start off with our ice . just like so . pour that into your glass , and then we 're going to add to that , three fourths of an ounce of coconut rum , any brand will do , so choose your favorite . you 're the one drinking it , and i want you to like it . we 're then going to add three-fourths of an ounce of raspberry liqueur . just like so . that 's going to give it a wonderful fruity flavor . as is our peachtree schnapps . also , three-fourths of an ounce , so equal parts . then , we 're going to add in two splashes of grenadine . uno , dos , like so . and , about an ounce of orange juice , yum . and then we 're going to fill it the rest of the way with pineapple juice . so , this is going to be so wonderfully tropical . hence , the name sunsplash . go ahead and shake it up . and if you have a hurricane glass , great . if not , you can also serve this in a highball glass . garnish it with a cherry , and there you have it , razberi sunsplash . cheers .
DQudsojO17s let 's do an unweighted accent with the hip . let 's put our feet slightly apart . bend your standing leg . lift the heel of your unweighted leg and press the toe into the floor . make sure the ankle 's in in our showgirl foot position . the knee is coming off the hip and pointing forward slightly . pull that belly button in . lift your chest and relax your shoulders . we 're going to start by lifting the hip up and we 're going to do a little step down in two parts . so it 's going to kind of catch your audience off by surprise cause you 're going to go down and then down . so you 're going to really have to bend your standing leg . so we 're going to go drop it and then drop it a little further with also bending your leg at the same time . so we 're going to drop and drop . come up . drop and drop . very good . drop and then drop dipping down . drop . drip down . let 's try it on the other side . just make your feet 's in the right position first and everything is pulled up . and your weight stays centered over your feet . so we 're going to drop and dip and drop and dip and drop and dip . good . make sure that everything stays nice and lined . do n't lean forward on this and do n't get too far back . make sure to practice this in the mirror . hand on both sides .
aZyWNnna9Cs on behalf of expert village my name is lizbeth muller and today we are going to make congri . i 'm going to add some salt to this , add salt before i fry it because what i 'm going to do with this . now i 'm going to fry it and i 'm going to show you what it looks like . i 've been frying some pork on the side because it takes a while , it does not take overnight it suppose to look like something like this as you 're frying it . crispy and nice , like this is what you want your pork to look like so you can place it in your rice later , pork fat real nice and crispy . you 're going to use those oils , see all that oil in there ? you 're going to use some of it for that rice that is what gives it the flavor , that and the bacon . i 'm going to show you in a minute what i 'm going to do with the bacon . so first i put the rice , pork in here and i fry it , make it crispy . let it sit for a little bit still cooking in the back while i go ahead and do the bacon .
d-cJHsXcKCQ hi , my name is mike sanders and i 'm going to tell you a little bit about how to catch a wave . so once you get out in to the position that you want to be in , you got ta keep in mind that the waves usually break in one place , repetitively . and they 're going to move in parallel more or less . well , their motion is perpendicular to the beach , but the waves themselves come in , and here 's the beach , the waves are coming in like this and they 're breaking each way . so what you really want to do is position yourself where the waves are about to break and you want to be there . you do n't want to be around too many people . that 's hard to do in places like california . but if you can , you want to stay away from too many people . fortunately , usually there 's more people surfing at the better spots . so once you 're out there in your position , you 're right where the waves are almost breaking but not really , just kind of lifting you up and down , and you see white water on the other side of them ; you got ta be patient , you got ta wait for a wave that 's coming . you do n't want to take off on somebody , which means , you know , the person who 's on the wave or the person who 's paddling for the wave and they 're closest to the peak . if the wave 's crumbling like this you know , breaking , breaking to the right and somebody 's riding the peak and you 're over here and you just should n't go for it . it 's not your wave . it 's like cutting in line . you really should n't do it . but if you know the wave is there , it 's standing up for you , it 's behind you , you see it , turn and you want to paddle perpendicular . if the wave 's moving in like this , you want to paddle perpendicular with the wave . that 'll give you a steepest face and that 'll give you the most speed to take off on . another thing to keep in mind is position of your body on the board . you want to be far enough back so that the nose stays out of the water . you also do n't , you do n't want to be too far back , because you 're pushing a lot of water , if your nose is you know , if here 's the water and your nose is here , you 're like a barge pushing a whole bunch of water in the front , slowing you down . it 's a lot harder to paddle . paddle like you 've never paddled before . i ca n't stress this enough . so many people will just go out there , start paddling , start paddling and then they 'll jump up on the board when the wave 's ten feet behind them and they wonder why they are n't catching it . you really have to wait to feel the wave pick you up . you 'll feel the board get turned down the wave and as it gets turned down , it 'll drop down the wave , just like a skate board goes down a hill . and as you go down you get more speed . once you feel the board moving faster than you 're paddling it , that 's when you know you 've caught the wave .
Ek3EmFfdVlU in this clip i 'm going to talk to you about how to prepare your old blank from a log and using the band saw to do that . let 's assume that you do n't have a chain saw to cut your log in half but you do have a band saw and a band saw is a perfect way to do that . you want to make sure that you have a flat surface on at least one end before you begin so that you can run the log through the band saw this way . if you try to do it this way you can see that the log is going to want to rock and if it rocks it could get caught , it could jam in the band saw , and you could be injured so this is a safer way to do it and when i cut , i want to cut right between the center where the pith is . now in this particular log the pith if you can see it is right about here and it is not quite in the center . it is very rare that the pith will grow right in the center of a tree , we should be so lucky but the reason we want to cut through the pith is because that is where the tree gets its nutrients and this is an area that will crack before any other area so i want to cut right through that .
CoiBfwlNCO0 your wax is ready , you 've decided what wax you want to use and the next few steps i 'm going to go over actually some tips from hollywood . you want to start by brushing your eyebrows in the direction you want them to go . just kind of get them brushed in the direction you want them to go , you never ever want to wax the top of your eyebrows , never . if you have dark hair on the top of your eyebrows , there 's just a few strays up there you just want to go through with your tweezers and get those few hairs . you never want to wax that area . your natural arch comes from underneath your eyebrows , that 's where your cleaning is going to come from , the underneath . never the top , just remember that 's a tip from hollywood , all of your hair above your eyebrows , is kind of a natural hair that 's on your face . that 's supposed to be there , so do n't try to get all that hair off , just the few long dark ones , you 'll want to tweeze those . we 're going to get the eyebrows brushed , we are getting ready to show you how to properly arch those . so your tip from hollywood , never wax the top of your eyebrows , always tweeze that area .
1rtpRuLChqk last , but not least , we did n't talk about getting into a tiebreaker situation . in intermediate tennis it 's probably going to pop up at some point . let 's say , your game score is at 6-6. what do you do ? do you keep playing until somebody wins by two games ? no . everybody now has this tiebreaker system going . it 's the first one to 7 points but you still have to win by 2 points . a point is not a game ; it 's just a regular point . what you do is you start , or the first one starts on the right side . if you win the toss or if it 's your turn to serve , you 're serving one time . you 're getting two balls but you 're serving from the deuce court . whoever wins that point then you go to the next serve which would be your opponent 's serve and he starts in the add court . he 'll hit his two serves , and if he gets the first one in , he 'll hit one serve . if he wins or loses the point then he goes over to the deuce court and he 'll serve another two balls , or one ball , depending on if he gets the first or second one in , and you play that point . then it goes to your serve . again , you start on the add side , you 're not starting on the deuce side . only the very first server hits one ball , or one point , from the deuce side . so , you 're at the add side , you play it , now you 're scoring . the first one to 7 points , you have to win by 2 points , and then you have to switch when you 're total points total up to 6. so , if it 's 3-3 , 2-4 , 1-5 , you switch ends . again , like i said , the first one to 7 points and wins by 2 , you take the set .
c4gQQ-5nDxA supine bridge means we 're coming out , and we want that ball to be right in the middle of the back , in our thoracics . so , basically you 've created a bench with a big cushion of air , a stability ball . so you 're going to have to control that momentum . knees should be hip-width apart , feet right underneath the knees , active glutes , active hamstrings . we 're going to take our thumbs right in line with our sternum and we 're going to follow the direction our arms go . so we 're going to inhale and we 're going to come out , and as soon as you feel yourself start to twist off the ball , that 's all the active range of motion that you should be working with , because now we 've facilitated here lateral flexion obliques , but we do n't want the body to twist . so our hips stay square , knees in line , lifted , active glutes , active hams , relax your neck , and now you 're going to exhale , contract and follow . reach to the fingertips , inhale , come neutral first before you attempt on the other side . now instead of thinking twisting or rotation , i want you to think of elongation and staying lifted in the lower body so you keep that nice bridge , feet hip-width apart , inhale , exhale , extend through , and you do n't want that ball to roll . very little movement -it is muscle over momentum . 10 to 12 reps should do it .
_97CY_aEd7A drawing a cylinder is pretty much like putting a whole stack of circles together to make your cylinder , and we 're going to put that in perspective . and , again , we 're going to put the cylinder into its box so that we can find our points and go from there . so first i 'm going to make the box that the cylinder would live in . so i have the front edge of my box , and i 'm going to use two points of perspective , so i have the two vanishing points on either side of the front of the box , and my cylinder 's going to be taller than it is wide . so here 's my box , and i am going to finish it on the inside because we need to find the center of the squares to be able to draw our circles in perspective , and the circles in perspective are going to be the tops and bottoms of the cylinder . so there 's my bottom , and i 'm going to do exactly the same on the top , going from that vanishing point to the back edge of the box , and going from this one to the back edge . so we 're going to do exactly what we did before , we 're going to draw diagonals , connect the opposite corners of our two boxes , and that will give us our center point .
0-wLoko5zNw hi , this is jon on behalf of expert village . in this kitchen we 're going to be putting down wood flooring and we need to calculate how much flooring to buy . the first thing i did was draw up a basic floor plan of the kitchen now my wood floors are going to go in the areas with red they do go below the stove and the fridge but not underneath the cabinetry . what i need to do to calculate the flooring is figure out the square footage so i 'm going to break the kitchen up into four different sections . this one will be number one , number two , number three and number four i 'm going to go through and measure the width and the length of each section and record the data . so what i done is come up with my four sections i 've measured each section and wrote down my measurements on this last one it was 2.5 feet x 2 feet . i 've then multiple those two measurements together which gave me my total square footage for each section . then i 'm going to go ahead and add all of those up and that 's going to give me 73 square feet . now it 's always good to add about 15 % to your materials for waist so i have my materials of 73 square feet , i 'm going to add 15 % so i 'm going to multiple it by 1.15. that 's going to give me a total of 83.95 square feet and i might as well rounded right up to 85 square feet .
06Yvm4X81WI let 's start by talking about one of the most basic and archaic ways to cut a hole in the ice , and that 's using a hand chisel . now , safety again is always the most important aspect . the blades are these chisels are typically pretty sharp . you always want to cover them when they 're not in use . you always want to be conscious of where that blade is , in relation to where you are , where your kids , where your friends are when you 're fishing . now , these chisels are great to have . i always bring one with me , especially early and late season , when the ice is thin . it 's a great way to chop a quick hole , probably only take you a minute or so . during mid-winter , when the ice is thick , say even thicker than six , seven inches , using a hand chisel can be quite a task . taking maybe upwards of five , six minutes to cut a decent hole . but , they 're great to have , especially for checking the ice , close to shore when you come out on a water body . there 's really nothing much to it , other than simply taking a firm grasp on it , and just starting to cut into the ice . chipping it out as you go , rotate the blade and just continue with it until you hit that water . one good tip is , and i do n't have it here today , but is to always attach a rope with a tied loop to the top of this . you can put that around your wrist , put it around your shoulders , so just in case , when you finally go through , if you loose your grip on your chisel , you 're not going to lose it , because your rope will help save it .
Dkxhrmvxm1M we 're going to begin our haircut now . as you can see , the curl in shelly 's natural wave has started to form a uniform all over curl , and that is my goal . this one specific haircut that i will do is design for medium texture hair with a natural wave in it , so that you can duplicate this at home . okay . i 'm also going to spray shelly 's hair with another curl enhancing product . this one is called texturizing spray . and of course her hair is textured so i 'm going to deliver in this spray all over , making sure that every single part of her hair gets some of this nice product . i 'm going to take my paddle brush and brush right through it . i am going to position my hand on her neck so that i hold her head in an upward position . i 'm going to take a paddle brush and i 'm going to brush right through it . now , you may wonder , he 's taking the curl out . yes i am , however , because of the product that i have used on her hair , the hair will bounce right back up , okay . we 're going to do the other section of her head , brush her hair nice and easy .
aoNdBxk-NSY hi , this is ronnie william with expert village . i 'm going to teach you how to properly train your dog . when i get home from work or from being out and about , when i walk in the front door , i do not look at my dogs . i talk to them , and i do n't touch them . first thing you do when you get home , usually your dogs will be super excited . they 'll be really happy to see you , and they 're wagging their tails and licking you . the worst thing you could possibly do is pet them at night . if you pet them , that means you want them to be more excited so every time you come home , they 're going to be more excited and more excited until they 're out of control . they wo n't obey you . so i get home and walk through . i let them sniff me . i walk ahead of them . i ignore them . i put my keys down . i do a couple little things , give them two or three minutes until the dogs are as we 've seen them lately ... more calm and relaxed . when they 're in that state , then i will come over to them , and then i will pet them . they do n't get any affection from me if they are doing anything wrong . they get no affection , and they never should from anyone , not even from your friends who come over unless they are in this state of mind . affection to a dog means `` please do more of this . '' so if he 's attacking a dog and you pull him back and say `` no , no , no , '' then you pet him , it means attack more dogs . that 's exactly how they understand it . it might seem a little mean to not pet your dogs as soon as you get home , but i assure you they will thank you for it later . you will have much more obedient and healthy dogs .
BPgX1pukgsI ok. now we are going to just mark . we can put balls there . we can mark with you know round thing . whatever you want , but whatever is more easy for you . but , you know to add some kind of texture to , to the frame . anything you put that 's going to look good . this is one little trick that is not in there . in there they put some kind of balls around only one edge . then i 'm going to do that . that 's for you more easy to finish ok. then after that we are going to let it dry . this is if you want to put in the kiln . you have to let it dry at least one week in the shade . because this is quite thin . if you put it in the sun it 's going to crack . have no structure , have no support , have no nothing . then we are going to let it dry now for few days . then i 'm going to make some kind of finishing , in case that you do n't want to put in the kiln . this finishing will be some kind of enamels , that they are going to give it extra strength to the piece . and you will see on the next step how we finish this . ok .
C6jse3t3nIA my name is kate james . i 'm a compounding pharmacist in eugene , oregon at broadway apothecary , and now i 'm going to tell you about how one becomes a pharmacist . generally speaking , nowadays people go through at least a seven year degree program . often times they will have an undergraduate degree , a bachelor 's degree in some sort of science field , often chemistry or biology . but it can be any bachelor 's degree . it 's just the science fields tend to prepare you for what 's needed in the advanced degree in pharmacy . and that advanced degree is , gives you a pharmd or a doctor of pharmacy . and that 's how most people nowadays are pharmacists . although previously , myself for example , i just have a bachelor 's degree in pharmacy . that 's a degree that 's been phased out over the years as more and more drugs are added , more and more curriculum had to be added . so as far as how i became a pharmacist , i really enjoyed science and i like people , so it was a natural fit . it 's a good way to enjoy both of those things at the same time within a career .
2ZrawtRzXKA we just went over all the measurements and how to take measurements and what you need to take in consideration when you 're having a custom dress made . the biggest thing is to make sure that you and your , your designer or seamstress are on the same page , that everything is written out , that there are a lot of notes taken . make sure that your measurements are taken properly ; this way the dress will fit really well . just make sure that you do set up a timely fitting schedule with your seamstress to make sure that the seamstress has enough time and that you have enough time to get your dress . you also make sure that you have , you want to make sure that you have a lot of pictures to show your seamstress and that the fabric that you 're using for the dress is suitable for the style that you 're having made , and after all of these are done , you should have a dress that is perfect for you and fits perfectly , fits really well .
Eza2mVHVS28 in response to the poor american performance , internationally and geographical literacy , 18 geography standards were developed . in an attempt to define at four different grade level benchmarks , what students should know in terms of their geographical education ? these 18 standards were further divided into the following six categories : the world in spatial terms places and regions physical systems human systems environment and society the uses of geography these are designed in order to help teachers know what to teach and when to teach it . standards are one thing , academic performance are another . in a 1998 evaluation of how states were measuring up to these new geography standards , only three states received an ' a ' . among these were colorado , indiana , and texas . there were three ' b 's , nine ' c 's , six states received 'd 's , and 18 states received an ' f ' . another 12 were not graded at all because either they did not have any standards for geography or they were incomplete . my purpose in pointing this out is even though the standards look great on paper , most public schools are not measuring up to the national geographic standards . home schooling is so different in philosophy and in method that much of the what and when to teach of the geography standards do not apply or will apply differently than it does in the public school . however , the geography standards do provide an excellent place to start . especially if you are not particularly geographically literate yourself or if you are wondering what to teach your child and what geography really encompasses . if you are interested in exploring these standards further , you can do so by visiting the website of the national council for geographic educators online at www.ncge.org .
FBvvn8IpAIY ok , in this next part , i 'm going to just explain the basics of getting into recording and what some of the tools are that you 're going to find before you get started recording . ok ? right now , we 're looking at the virtual rack area , ok ? and , you 're going to have three parts to your recording , ok ? you 're going to have your virtual rack where all your instrumentation and all your effects and everything are going to be shown . ok ? and this is going to be your sequencer , ok , and this is your transport area , where all of your buttons for recording , playing back , stopping , doing a bunch of different things , here . so , but , the sequencer is one important item , because this is where all your tracks are going to be located . ok , and this is where all of your sequencer information is going to be located , in this area . ok ? and , this is where you 're going to do , you know , your cutting and pasting and arranging of the song . ok. now , over here when you open a track , every track is going to be automatically created for any instrument that you create . ok , and you 're going to have it showing . the selected instrument is going to have a red box around it , and you 're also going to have a couple different options . you 're going to be able to mute , solo , or record , arming the track to be able to record . ok. and , you want to make sure the track is armed before any recording gets done . and , basically you wo n't be able to record unless you have this specific track that you need armed . you can also rename a track if you 'd like to . but that 's to up you . i recommend renaming the track for your instruments , just so that you know which instrument is which . ok .
FwnyLiCDCuU so let 's make sure we know how to play five card draw . which is the family of games that johnson is in . first thing you do is everybody antes . ante at my house is one red chip . we 're going to play this two handed . so that 's five cards to you . five cards to me . and you act first and you 're going to check or bet based upon your assessment of your hand and whether you think you can bluff me . that 's a decent hand . you 're going to bet . you say four red chips . i call because i like punishment . you draw one card . so you take this card , the one you do n't like and throw it in the muck . i give you one card . me i 'm going to draw two cards and now there 's a betting round . and you say i bet two black chips . i call you . there 's a showdown . the showdown is done first by the person who bet or raised last . that was you . let 's see what you 've got . well you wound up with two jacks with a queen kicker . and me i wound up with two eights . so i threw my hand in the muck and you win the pot . that 's five card draw .
D6KfB8RzFSw hi this is liz muller from liz 's hair design in hollywood , florida . in this clip i 'm going to talk about how to highlight and lift hair color at the same time . believe it or not the industry is becoming really really , it is selling out there and what we are doing is we have colors out there that can actually lift the hair color of tinted hair and highlight at the same time adding these beautiful shades in there . look at these , these are wonderful . so let 's say somebody is a brunette and they want to come in and they want to have highlights instead of putting in bleach you can use something called 2 to 1 which is a highlight hair color and they have other companies out there that are high lift hair colors by the way . when you add or when you do 2 to 1 to the hair you just go ahead and put it on previously tinted hair . it has to be previously tinted actually and then you can go ahead and have these shades in there like hot cappuccino , lemon tea and sweet honey so if you have a brunette that comes in . maybe she 's a light brown and you want to add this beautiful shade in there , lift 1 to 3 shades lighter on that tinted hair and give them highlights at the same time without using bleach , 20 minutes underneath the hair dryer . you can use your foils or you can use 40 minutes by itself . thank you . this is liz muller .
FY57ArlJPAI so now you know what chai tea is , c-h-a-i with spices and black tea leaves , how do you make it ? well , in india they make it over stove top , with milk and sugar and black tea leaves and spices . well in the us , there 's many ways to make it . you can buy an instant mix which is not very good . the other style is to buy the loose leaf tea , black tea and the spices separately , so that you do n't have a bitter flavor . so , the best way to brew it is get a pot of , a pot , put it in your stove , on your stove top , add milk to it , to the amount of tea you want to consume . if you like to have two cups of tea , then put 16 oz . of milk into the pan , heat it up , when the milk is about to boil , add in the spices , bring the temperature down to a medium , medium heat and let it sit for ten minutes or so , until the spices is infused with the milk and it has all the flavors of the spices . then you add in the tea leaves . let it sit for another five minutes . take the pot off the stove and filter out the tea leaves as well as the spices and you 've got a nice pot of spiced chai . you can add milk , additional milk if you like to cool down the hot beverage and you can add sugar at that point . cause , i do n't recommend adding sugar to the brew when it 's in the pot . now that 's how you make spiced chai .
DYle6IrYCNw today we 're changing a rear latch , on a ninety-six ford explorer . in this step , i 'm going to demonstrate the proper procedure for unbolting your latch and removing it , from the door assembly . i have my three eights ratchet with an eight millimeter socket and we 're just going to go ahead and begin undoing the bolts . now , you 're going to want to be really careful . these bolts are exposed to the weather , some of the time and they may corrode and break off on you . they can and do break . if you break them , you 're going to have to drill it and tap it or punch , the welded nut , out of the backside and install a new bolt . so , it 's better to take a little bit of extra time , then trying to force them . alright and that 's one right here . alright , i 'm going to go ahead and throw my bolts , into my magnetic tray and slip my door latch out , right there . that is the proper procedure , for unbolting the door latch , from the frame of your vehicle .
bfsY13Z97kI on behalf of expert village i 'm sifu dwight woods of unified martial art academy in miami , florida and today we are going to be talking about beginners jeet kune do . okay so just as we where talking about the mechanics for the hook punch i could instead of hitting with the fist i could end up hitting with the elbow and it would be essentially the same mechanics . so here is the hook punch but here is how it would look if i where to hit with the elbow instead . hook , punch but here is the lead elbow so in real time it would be in real time . just snap the body so that the hip and the leg and the hip do the work and that results in a pretty powerful technique and one more time and one more time . so again it relates to mechanics not necessarily techniques . if i can hit this way with the fist i can hit on that same horizontals line with the elbow instead .
cDt2Gr6Cos0 john carstarphen : hi . this is john carstarphen for expert village . and these files which have the extensions .psr and .png are preview images which are what you actually see in poser 's library palette . if the preview image is damaged or missing when you see the appropriate entry in the library palette , you 'll see a little silhouette of a person shrugging . this does n't necessarily mean that the prop , pose or figure is missing , just that its preview image ca n't be found . in addition , some of the above file types may contain references to image maps or texture files which are stored in subfolders within the textures folder inside the runtime folder . and they may also point to wavefront .obj files which give objects their 3d geometric form and these are stored within subfolders inside the geometries ' folder inside the runtime folder . so , all library content is stored within these three folders : geometries , libraries or textures ; and all of these are inside the runtime folder .
F4FXpijUStc you know , a trip to the wilderness , or the outdoors , can be a very enjoyable experience . however , one of the problems that can be encountered on one of these trips , is an encounter with a common chigger . hi , i 'm captain joe bruni , and what i 'm going to talk about , is how to avoid encounters with chiggers , and getting them removed from the body . in preparation to remove or to keep chiggers from getting on the body , in the first place , wear long clothing . tuck the pant legs into the socks . long sleeve shirts , in areas where chiggers are known to have a habitat , are effective ways to keep them from getting onto the body . you can also treat the ankle areas , armpit areas , waist , groin areas , with some type of commercial , chemical product containing deet , which is also used commonly for mosquito repellent , or even 100 % sulfur powder , that can be purchased at your local drug store . applying sulfur powder in the same areas , the ankles , the armpits , the groin , and waist area . commonly , chiggers seek out and like to find holes in skin , armpit areas , groin type areas . after the trip is done , and you 've arrived back to your campsite or place of occupancy , take a hot , soapy shower , removing all of the clothing , and then wipe down any areas after your shower , with alcohol , rubbing alcohol or a swab of alcohol , in those areas that commonly chiggers go to , paying close attention to folds , and skin , and remember , do not re-wear the clothing , that you wore on your trip into the woods , until after they have been laundered . i 'm captain joe bruni . stay safe , and we 'll see you next time .
0tZfBzet80M hi , i 'm les whitley , i 'd like to talk to you about , measuring your pulse using your hand , while training or running . there are a lot of different ways to measure your pulse , through heart rate monitors or chest straps that you wear , or monitors you wear around your wrist . if you do n't have access to any of those training tools , simply using your hands to measure your pulse is an effective way to gage your training . using your two middle fingers on the radial side of your hand , it 's where the thumb is located , slightly through the indentation , press those two fingers lightly , to begin to feel your pulse . while running , you can actually palpate and feel your pulse a lot easier , because it 's beating at a lot faster rate , but it 's also beating more intensely , so you 're more likely to feel that . the other way , is feeling at the cardial artery in the neck , it 's slightly below on either side of the windpipe , pressing gently . now , issues with this are pressing too hard , that may cause constricting or restriction of blood flow to the brain , especially while exercising , could compromise that blood flow to the point where you become light headed or even pass out . so the radial pulse becomes a more popular way to check . ways to check the pulse , you can actually do it for 1 minute , which gives you your beats per minute , or you can do it for 10 seconds , multiply that by 6 , which gives you the 60 second count , or you can do it for 6 seconds , multiply it by 10 , which again , gets you that 60 second , or the beats per minute . during a fast race , the less time that you have to spend taking your pulse , so utilizing the 6 second version , will actually minimize the time that it takes for you to get an accurate reading . training utilizing heart rate , or your pulse rate , is a great way to measure your progress , the level of intensity , as well as how you 're improving through your training .
FUfPuPMxh2w ready to add some more footwork to your belly dancing ? hi i 'm johanna krynytzky with hip expressions belly dance studio . and today we 're going to go over a grapevine for belly dance . so there 's two ways to do a grapevine . a standard grapevine crosses over in front and then steps out to the side and then crosses in back and then steps to the side again . let 's try that again . cross over forward and then cross back and step . good . cross forward and back . good . and cross forward a little faster and back . forward and back . this move is used a lot in many different line dances from around the world , especially throughout the parts of the middle east . you 'll see it in israeli folk dancing . you 'll see it in greek folk dancing . in lebanese , it 's all over the place . so it 's a very basic footwork to know . forward and back . you can twist the hips more with it if you like or keep it more flat and straight on . now often times it 'll be done a lot faster and speed it up . so you want to get really comfortable on your feet . now as you do this move , make sure your belly button 's pulled in , your shoulders are back and down and your chest is lifted . good . knees are nice and soft to help you float across the floor . what you want to avoid is going up and down with this movement . you want to be nice and smooth , not bouncing . nice and smooth . alright . excellent . good . so practice that in front of a mirror and then take it out on the dance floor . i 'm johanna with hip expressions belly dance studio helping you to belly dance .
eSzXQQUgH1A now there are some positives to impromptu speaking , so , a lot of times you even mention that impromptu word and a speaker or a person will panic . impromptu is , in my opinion , the most difficult and the success of you as an impromptu speaker depends on your public speaking skills . so , actually , as the more you do it and the more your practice your public speaking skills , the more successful you 're going to be at impromptu speaking . but , impromptu speaking itself helps you practice a number of things that are really important for public speaking . first of all , eye contact . if i do n't have any notes to look at , i do n't have a script to read then i have no excuse , no reason not to work on my eye contact with my audience . also , responding to feedback . i do n't have any notes , i do n't have any guidelines , i do n't have any outline , i do n't have anything , so i have to respond to feedback in the moment . you ask me the question , i think about it , i respond . also , gesturing . you do n't have any notes ; you do n't have anything to hold so you can practice your gesturing . you do n't want to over-gesture or under-gesture . another positive thing is organizational skills . you have to work in the moment on your organizational skills , and good public speakers are very organized , but you do n't have any notes to follow so you have to logically think as you go about how i want to present this . what 's the organizational pattern ? also , it 's a good way to practice moving around . if i have no notes and i 'm not limited to some kind of podium or any kind of restrictions , i can practice walking around . so those are some of the benefits and good things that can come out of impromptu speaking .
26intm7aNaI hey , guess what ? you 're getting up , you 're going to give your speech today , and i know you 're really excited about it , and you 're not nervous at all . oh , you 're terrified ? hm , well that 's really interesting , because strangely enough , getting up and speaking in front of people is just about the number one fear of americans . now , there 's really no reason to be afraid . i want you to think , what is the worst thing that could happen ? you would die . that 's the worst thing that could happen . and you 're not going to die ! ok ? now a lot of public speaking people will tell you , ok , what you want to do is you want get up , and visualize everybody in their underwear or naked . ok , i do n't know about you , but i 'm going to have a really hard time focusing on my speech if i 'm visualizing some people naked . you know what i 'm talking about ? ok. i think you simply focus on what you 've written on , and you visualize success . instead of seeing people out there in their underwear , i want you to see you getting uproarious applause when you 're done . ok. if you believe you ca n't do it , you may not be able to do it . but i believe you can do it . and i think you should believe that you can do it . so you need to visualize your own success , believe that you can do it , and remember , the worst thing that could happen , is not going to happen . and i 'll give you another little trick in the trade . if you 're really terrified , go first . if you 're in a group of a lot of people that have to speak , go first . muster the a nerve and raise that hand when the instructor , or whoever says , who 'd like to go first ? force yourself to do it . i guarantee you it will make a huge difference . the longer you sit there in your terror , the more terrifying it will be . and it is absolutely nothing to be afraid of . visualize your success . raise your little hand and go first . and i guarantee you you 're going to be a hit .
Csf5QRom_-o with a rear delt fly we are working the posterior part of the shoulder . so you are going to want to start in a stance where you got yourself supported . the goal with this is not to let gravity pull you forward but to maintain about a thirty degree hinge in the hip . elbows are going to bend to the sides and you are going to resist back , bringing the elbow in line with the wrists and the shoulders . contract and release , start out working unilateral so you can control and get the movement down one arm at a time . you also might find that you have one side that 's weaker than the other by doing unilateral work . and without again letting gravity take control and you are maintaining that neutral spine , head aligned with the spine . contract and release down , keeping a slight bend in the elbows on the return . exhale on your contraction right there and release down . and contract and release . working ten to fifteen reps one to three sets .
DcgPAO7mdbI well one of the reasons we would strip a piece of furniture would be , and why would be important , would be if that finish is disintegrating then , as a rule , you would have to . most of your glues would be drying out so you 'd want to take that finish off , get those glues all restored and repair what has to be repaired and then put your new finishes , back on , after you 've got your new glues back in there . in this particular case , this piece was in a fire and it was a sentimental piece , to the people , and they wanted to have that piece stripped but it had been burned pretty much up and this is the top from it so we 've had to go back and take this finish off , which she 's doing right now , with steel wool and environmental safe stripper , that we use on it .
armCNMSPHGc hi everybody , my name is franc anderson and i 'd like to talk about how to critique a photograph . in this particular case i know quite a lot about this picture because it 's my picture . so let me talk about what was going on in my mind when i took it . first of all the overall composition . i used the rule of thirds to trace this figure , the center of the figure about one third of the way up the frame and about one third of the way in to the frame . secondly , i laid down on the ground so that i could see the top of the building behind in the distance . it was a long distance between the building and the figure so it was n't too difficult to have this figure and the railings in sharp focus and to have the building behind , a little out of focus . i used a two hundred millimeter lens to draw the background forward and to fill the picture with this building behind . and i tried to frame the picture partly by including the branches of this tree . one of the considerations you make in photographs is the contrast relation . it was important when i was printing the picture to try to make sure that the very blackest parts were actually black . i did n't want any detail here on the rails , nor here in this cloak . and i did want the white in the picture to approach the actual base white of the paper . so i adjusted the contrast range accordingly . the film was chosen for its fine grain , although you can see the grain slightly in this picture , i like that . and overall i hope that it 's a very pleasing composition . i wanted to emphasize the figure on the railings by having them sharp and throwing the background out of focus . this was easy to achieve because of the great distance between the building and the figure . but i also made sure that i carefully chose the right aperture so the depth of field was reduced . and i also made sure that i used a long lens for two reasons . one , again decreased depth of field and secondly i had the advantage that it drew the building closer to the figure and the building fills the background without leaving large empty spaces . having made the actual photograph , we now have to consider the matte and the frame . after careful discussion with the framer , this slightly cream colored matte was chosen as the best one we could find to go with the base white of the picture . you 'll notice that the distance between the top of the frame and the top of the picture and the bottom of the picture and the bottom of the frame are considerably different . there is a formula for working this out but it does make a more pleasing photograph if this is the case . and lastly the frame itself . it 's slightly textured , it 's real wood and i like this plain black that goes with the black and white picture . you must think very carefully about framing .
bmi7mb_vTdM now we 're going to sew the legs together . you 'll want to cut a piece of felt in this shape , for the skirt . you can make a nice curve , and cut a curve right here for the waist . when you wrap it around the straw it makes almost a triangle cone shape . for the legs ; we 're going to use a quarter inch piece of ribbon , and we 're going to sew some beads on the bottom ; for the feet . first , we want to attach the ribbon to the skirt , here . so you fold your ribbon in half , and with a needle and thread , we 're going to sew that into place on the skirt . this is going to be the inside of the skirt ; so we 're doing it to the back side . just sew it with a little in and out stitch , to secure it . it 's good to use a thread that matches the color of the skirt , because then you do n't see any of your stitching from the front . then you can secure that with a knot . now we want to decide how long we want to make our legs . just trim that , and you can flip it over . these are going to be the legs . you can see how long you want to make your legs ; maybe about an inch and a half to two inches . you can fold that and cut it ; not right at the fold , but above the fold , like that . we 're going to sew some beads to the end of that , so knot your thread . here 's the front . we 'll fold the bottom of the ribbon so we have two layers there , and we do n't have an unfinished edge ; we have a folded edge there . come through the back with your needle , and put on a quarter inch bead ; like that . then put on your smaller bead . you can use a seed bead , or i think they call this a rocaille . now you have two beads on the ribbon . i 'm going to bring my needle , and i 'm going to go back through the larger bead , but not through the smaller bead . i 'm going to put my needle back through the larger bead , and the smaller bead is going to be what holds that larger bead onto the ribbon , and that 's our little foot for our dancer . just put the needle through the ribbon , and knot it in the back , and that will be our foot .
1RKltss46fg hi , i 'm matt cail and on behalf of expert village i am going to show you how to make a scarecrow costume . next we come to shoes . you are going to want a good sturdy shoe . i mean this should be a shoe for a scarecrow . it is a shoe you would go hiking in . it is the shoe you would scale a mountain in . okay maybe not quite that extreme but close . you definitely want an out doorsy strong shoe . colors of shoe that i prefer for a scarecrow are of course brown . i mean you want colors warmer . colors of the soil . colors of the harvest . even having some of lighter beige colors in there also could work . also again you do n't want too loose kind of like the worker solid sturdy look of your shoe that you are going to be wearing as a scarecrow . some scarecrows do n't have shoes as i have already said . but of course you are not going to be walking around barefoot . that would look a little bit funny . and also you are going to want a shoe which has a higher top to it . why is that ? low top shoes we are going to have some stuff coming out of the bottom of the pant leg that we are going to go into later . you are going to want a high top to kind of catch that to help hold it . you are also going to want to make sure that your ankle has a lot of stability and support because you do n't want to turn it just because your legs a little bit more rumpled than normal .
b-ATx2kXGCY hi , i 'm donna barnes , i 'm a life and dating coach and owner of ny dating coach here in new york city . in this clip we 'll talk about the best online canadian dating sites . and there are two really top ones because they both allow you to pay in canadian currency and not have to pay in american currency and transfer it over . so first there 's canadianpersonals which lets you create a free profile and again it 's all definitely just canadian money and canadian dollars . there 's a number of scheduled events in numerous cities hosted by actual members that it tells you about so it gives you more ways to connect . and it tells you if any members have been inactive and so it keeps a very close watch on what is actually happening . the next site is date.ca which also allows you to pay in canadian dollars , it has a twenty-four hour customer care staff that is available seven days a week and they can help you out with anything that you need a little bit of extra care with , and they have a really well balanced number of men and women profiles so it 's not like there 's more of one than another . this is donna barnes from new york city .
CCEFYLvLXRE okay in this next segment we 're going to talk about massaging the client 's leg . after you 're finished with the feet where we applied lotion , obviously here the client 's not wearing pants . so what i recommend is simply wiping your hands off on the sheets and you 're going to work through the client 's clothing . again , here we 're just providing compassionate touch , nothing vigorous , we 're just going to start with a gentle motion going back and forth here . in the massage business we call this a petrissage and you 're just gently going back and forth over the leg and the lower leg . again , when i make a movement towards the heart , there 's where i apply more of the pressure and then as i come up i release the pressure . so whenever i 'm making a pressure stroke , it 's towards the heart and you 'll see even when i use my left hand and i go this way . this way is lighter than when i pull back towards the heart . so again , you see i stroke this way and then this way i grab and i pull back towards the heart . so all the time i 'm trying to focus i 'm pushing the blood back to the heart to help with the blood circulation . it also helps with the person relaxing too and you have to kind of think of massage as a dance whether it 's a massage or a compassionate touch and you provide like a rhythm to your massage and you can see how my hips are somewhat swaying back and forth . so the movement of my hands and arms comes from my hips and that helps you to last longer , to keep from getting tired out while you 're providing compassionate touch to these wonderful individuals . so once you 've worked on one leg for a few minutes , 5 minutes , go ahead and switch to the other leg . again , just providing the same touch , same type of gentle squeezing or what we call petrissage and just stroking from one side to the other . now , i happen to have long arms so it 's not uncomfortable for me to reach across the table like this , but if you do n't i highly recommend walking around the table and then working from the side of the leg that you 're on . you always need to be conscious of your own body mechanics , making sure that you 're protecting your body as well as providing relief for the individual that you 're working on . so you 'll notice how i get lower and lower to keep my back straight in order to provide relief for this individual that i 'm working on . so once we finish with both legs , the next thing we 're going to move to are the arms and hands and of course the shoulders are kind of attached to that as well so we 'll be touching on those also .
C0r1oURnv_A hi ! i 'm roger hicks for expert village , and today i 'm going to talk you a little bit about some accessories that are kind of needed with your stroller . one of the key accessories that you might really be interested in is a cup holder . a lot of different cup holders you can go with . they have some that attach to the side that velcro  s to the bar . even though it 's a small item , a cup holder is a life saver . you 're doing a lot of walking and strolling , you 're out at the zoo , you 're getting a little thirsty . to know that you have a cup holder and have your drink there , that helps out a great deal . we 're going to talk about another one . this is california , and in california it 's 90 % sun . we 're going to talk about the ray shade , which is an additional shade that you can put over some canopies . where the canopy does n't allow sufficient covering you have a ray shade , which will then extend that shading for your kid , which is a very important feature for the california sun . we 'll also talk about storage bags or basic little organizers , which is also key . something that you can just attach to the back of your stroller just to enable you to be able to put a few more toys or bottles , diapers , things that you might need to unease your trip while out and about with your kid . these are some of the accessories that i want to point out . little stroller bags , little organizers , cup holders , things of that nature , sun shades , are all good things to have , and also a little sun block would n't hurt as well .
38706RMxDuU a lot of times you have hit some good shots and you get the ball in the middle area of the court here and you can do what is called an attacking boast so if i have the ball here for example and my opponent now is vulnerable and i can hit a lank , a cross court , a drop shot or i can mix it up and throw an attacking three wall boast or i can hit a two wall boast so this is great practicing like this too or throw it against the wall . if i have got a ball in my backhand and maybe i want to mix it up a little bit , i 'll do this attacking boast . so it is just another shot , that is what the term means , mid court/attacking boast because normally you do n't have to hit a boast from this part of the court but it is a good way of mixing it up a little bit .
COEtnfgGwyg these are some of the basic movements of a sun salutation . starting in mountain pose with the feet hip-width apart , palms facing the front , take a deep breath and inhale . as the hands come up over the head touching , reaching up and leaning back . with your exhale going to pitch forward , flat back , all the way down into a standing forward fold . softening the knees , you can step one foot at a time , or you can hop both feet back into a plank , wrist under the shoulders , body form is a straight line . keeping the elbows in , you slowly lower yourself to the floor as you inhale up into an upward facing dog , shoulders relaxed . with your breath you exhale , lifting into a down dog , pressing the heels into the floor . with the next breath , depending if you 're working the right or the left side , you pull the right foot forward , turning the left foot out , lifting up into warrior one , and then again with your exhale , lifting over into warrior two . from here you can do several modifications such as taking it over into a triangle . again , following your breath , you pull the leg around , exhale , stepping the left foot to the right again to your standing forward fold , and then again with your breath , finishing off as you inhale , hands over the head , exhaling them down to the heart , and then you would start the next side .
EOQlDrgrJb0 in this side lying leg exercise , we are going to be working both the quad and the back of the leg . so , i am going to be showing you two different positions . have the band come around the foot , covering the toes . go ahead and pull up on the band so that you have some tension on that leg . to work the quad , you want the toe pointed towards the ceiling , the knee towards the ceiling . take a nice inhale . float the leg up . exhale . down . inhale . point up . exhale . flex down . as you are doing this , the glutes are engaged and the leg is long and strong . to work the back of the leg , we are going to point the leg forward . exhale . flex back , squeezing the glutes and the hamstrings . inhale . point forward . exhale . flex back . notice how , as i am moving the legs , i am not moving my torso . my abs are engaged .
3JzHcgQI9uw alright the next turn that we are going to do is called an outside turn . so i 'm going to show the ladies their footwork . now before we learned the inside turn so the outside turn is going to be basically the opposite . with the inside turn we prepped to the right and we turned to the left . so with the outside turn we 're going to prep to the left and turn to the right . i 'm going to show you first from the side and then we 'll break it down . so it looks like this , back , rock , prep to the left , and turn to the right , five , six , seven , basic , two , three , five , six , seven . alright , breaking it down from the back , we 're going to back rock , one , two , on three we 're going to bring the right foot forward , kind of on an angle , so that hip is kind of pointing over there . we ? re winding up our upper body to the left . now on five , six , seven , we 're still going to step with the left foot but we 're turning to the right . so you 're turning to the right , left , right , left and then back to basic , one , two , three , i 'll show you the other way . it looks like this , back , rock , prep left , turn to the right , five , six , seven , basic , one , two , three , one more time this way , one , two , prep left , turn to the right , six , seven , and basic , two three , five , six , seven .
3kEo20Ycqwc this is johnny miles from the lake powell national golf course in page , arizona with another hot golf tip for expert village . how difficult can we make the game ? well , most players can make it pretty difficult . you ask most players how many parts of the golf swing are , and they  ll name 4 or 5. when in fact there are only 2. how simple can that be ? golf : all you have to do is aim the club , square your body . the hands and the club start it back and it goes behind your shoulder , and you don  t want a lot of tension in your arms . that  s why you don  t have a straight left arm . so the hands and the club start it back . it just goes behind your shoulders and your body follows your arms . you  ve just completed half the golf swing . it  s pretty simple . second part : you take your arms and you  re going to swing the club at your target , and you  re going to allow your body to follow your arms so there is no down swing . there  s only a back swing and a forward swing . when we talk about the arms , let  s keep that simple too . it  s just from your elbow to your shoulder . this is my forearm ; this is my hand ; that  s just linkage . it only does what my arm tells it to do . this is another secret in golf . what do you turn a steering wheel with ? definitely not your hands . what do you move a steak knife with . your arm . put your arm to your side , you  re going to look like an idiot at the dinner table . now , golf : let  s keep it simple . hands in club start it back , use your arms , swing the club at the target . now , let  s make it really simple . let  s end all those top shots . you can look up on a golf ball and you can  t get underneath it , so if you really want to play good golf , try this . thrust the grass as you swing the club at your target . so there  s only 2 parts : backswing and a forward swing . if you want to by like tiger woods , do what tiger woods does , 2 parts to the golf swing .
C_g8iQiV4v8 so next we will do just a little variation on that step which all it is is just adding some more right left , right left feet . it is the same basic pattern you are just going to add in a couple more right left , right lefts in there . so you are going to start with your hope the same way , right , left , right , left , right , left , right , left , right , left , right , left , right , left , right , left , right , left , right , left . the interesting thing about this move is the way the dancers seem to stop in mid air on a hop and somehow they slow down time and it works out rhythmically correct so we can put the drummer in here . so like i said it is the same basic pattern . the most confusing thing is just getting that hop in the right place and like i said trying to make it look like you are standing in the air a little bit longer than you might be able to because of gravity and that is a tricky thing to to but once you practice it will come out alright .
3jGgk2YmH6I so here i go pulsing again and the pulsing this time is cutting up the butter and incorporating throughout the flour , and sugar , and salt so that 's even . now i 'm going to let it go for a second and what 's so great about these machines is you do not need to use 2 forks to get it the consistency of just like grain affecting you might want look right in here and see it should look it should look just really mixed with just little chunks of butter in there and i 'm going to take the whole egg yolk , and i hope i 'm mention that before but it is 1 egg yolk and put it in and then i 'm going to combine it and i 'm not pulsing this time , i 'm just going to combine until it all goes into a ball . that just takes a matter of time there it goes you can see it 's getting really kind of thicker and thicker and more chuncky . at first it was all flour but it 's almost kind of magic and what 's so great about this you save yourself a lot of time . there we go that should be it let 's see well not there yet , this is the thing also about making making any pie crust if it 's real hot dry day , first i 'm going to make sure that everything is incorporated . and i am a firm believer using my hands so just wash your hands frequently and then there really the best tool you got . lets try again , here it goes , and if it does n't go we can add a teaspoon of cold water until it does form into a ball and that 's something to keep in mind . you do n't want to add to much let me just see it again , you do n't want it to get over worked , i 'm going to add a teaspoon of water . what i 'm going to do is just a hmmm got some water right here , i 'm just going to pour into my little egg bowl and then we 're going to go with a teaspoon at a time and when it gets into a ball we 're ready to rock and roll . okay , that 's one teaspoon , you 'll be surprise how little it takes to get it going oh ya , this maybe it folks i hope so , okay well just about 1 more teaspoon and this is something to keep in mind any time your making pie crust is that depending on the weather it 's really hot and dry out here in la right now sometimes if it 's in the winter and it 's really wet out you wo n't have to do this oh you can hear it getting chunky now , see it 's chunking up this is what we want . and the reason why i stop it every so often is you really do n't want the dough to get over done . well this is basically what i want when i can really just put it together like this and make it into a disc that 's what i want .
EZ63Gagbpzg another important thing about taking a hike , whether it be a day hike or a multi day hike is the type of shoe that you prefer to wear . it 's going to depend on how your feet are actually and your ankles . how strong are your ankles . what type of terrain are you going to be hiking through ? if it 's in florida and it 's relatively flat and the soil is rather sandy as it is here , your foot pad is going to pretty soft . your foot strike is going to be rather soft . you do n't really need to have a heavy duty hiking boot if you 're doing day hikes in florida . you may want to consider a trail running shoe . which is one of these . a lot of people that actually through hike the appalachian trail , have gone to wearing this type of shoe . simply because it 's so very light weight and their in pretty good shape . actually through hiking , twenty two hundred and twenty three hundred miles from georgia to maine . another type of shoe that you might want to wear if you 're going into a rocky terrain where there are a lot of exposed tree roots and rocks . you might want to take a hiking shoe . this shoe is very stiff if you try to bend it . it 's got a full shank all the way through the sole of the shoe and that is basically going to keep your foot from rolling and possibly causing an ankle injury . there is a mid-ankle height shoe , boot that you can purchase , also has a very stiff shank in it . then there 's also the full ankle support type of shoe . this particular shoe is cortex lined , as is this one and this one . which means it 's going to be water proof and breathable . which will keep your feet drier , help prevent blisters and just make your hike more comfortable .
cYmyjH7BhgU alright , once again when you get your image up on the wall and you 're ready to start drawing and you 've picked your pencil and it 's nice and sharp and you 've taken some time and gotten everything ready to go , you want to make sure you put in every possible detail that you can if that 's the type of work that you do . my work is very detail oriented . it 's very realistic . so as an example , this horse here on his , on his head , i put in all the little details of where the shadows go . i put in where there 's , this right here is going to be a patch of white when i 'm eventually done , this will be a patch of white when i 'm eventually done with this piece . and that saves me time when i 'm laying in those initial areas of color as well because i do n't have to think too much . i can just put those colors in and just , just avoid these areas because i 've put enough detail in there and i do n't have to backtrack . especially when you 're dealing with white areas you ca n't backtrack . so i want to keep these areas as close to white as i can , and those lines help me do that . the same thing here . as an example , this buckle , anybody that has horses and knows the equipment , if there was one thing out of place on that buckle they would know it . so in order to avoid having my piece critiqued and have a horse person tell me something 's wrong , i just do a lot of detail and that way it comes out as close to perfect as it can be . and that 's a really good way to add a lot of detail to your pieces and end up with a really quality finished piece .
3S3CGwIQgVk now i 'm ready to make the backing of our picture frame . we 're going to be using a second piece of cardboard , of carton , for this . the way i get the size of the backing is i measure the space in the picture frame , the hole that 's in the middle that i 've cut for the picture , and i increase the size by a quarter of an inch . so whatever the size is i add a quarter of an inch around the entire border : first on the left side and the right side , then i measure the top and the bottom . and i also add a quarter of an inch whatever the size is . and once i have those measurements i go and take my second piece of cardboard and make my points using the same measurements that i just took from the inside of the picture frame . and i make a line . so once i 've drawn my lines and i have the outline of the back that i want to use for the picture frame i can go ahead and start cutting it down to size . of course when making the image of your picture frame , the actual drawing , you have to make sure that you leave this quarter of an inch around all sides of the picture without getting too close to the end of the picture frame . because you 're going to need that extra space so that it hangs over and actually covers the picture from the back . so make sure you left enough room around the edges , the outer edges , of your picture frame . so now once i 've drawn the outlines on the back of the picture frame i go ahead and cut around the edges being left with a square piece of cardboard that 's going to sit right onto the back of the picture and make up the backing of the picture frame . we see now that the backing that we 've cut fits right over the picture frame and we 've left enough border so that it does n't fall through and it also does n't show over the edges of the picture frame . and now we go ahead and place the picture in between both pieces of cardboard and cover it with the plastic and we 'll have a nice seal for our picture frame . so now i 've shown you how to make a backing for the picture frame .
d6-vy6KTbSs now , i 'm going to take the same brush that i used to paint in the background area here . it 's still muddy with some of the blacks and greens yellows and reds . and , that 's just fine . because , i 'm going to be applying some purple and i 'm going to start painting in basically this clothing area . i 'm going to go for kind of a grayish muddy purple as the base layer . this is going to be the color we 're going to later build off of . i 'm going back to get purple , as it starts to weaken out . also , liberally apply white . and , do not forget your medium that you 're also going to be using to thin out these colors . now , as we apply this there are going to be different shades i want to have . near the collar region here , i want this to be darker up in here . so , that means more purple . it also might mean just a touch of black . though , not too much or it will come to easily dominate and muddify your purple . conversely , down in this region here kind of more the mid section in the area i want this to be more faded . the emphasis is not on this . you 're going to have lighter shades of purple . these are going to ebon-flow out of each other . if you see very very stark borders , look to quickly blend it . and , then blending by simply going right back and forth . see how the colors now blend together and they 're a lot less severe . and , see up here the same thing is happening . quickly blend it . i do n't want to have a lot of super stark strong colors , not for this first layer that i 'm putting down .
eK6ylvYQ584 this is a great game for a bachelorette party , called `` i never , '' and all you 're going to need is to assemble all your girls either at a bar or in a circle , and you 're going to have shot glasses lined up in front of them with their favorite alcohol filled up . you start off with about ten shots in front of each person , or you can start off with five if you want to lower the amount . you can also use various drinks or you can use candy , if you do n't want to use alcohol , and what you do is the first person stands up and says , `` i never '' and then they follow that with a sentence . you know , `` i never have kissed a priest '' and all the people who have kissed a priest would then take a shot and that means that they have done it , and if you have n't done it then you just get to stand still . and you continue on , it goes around the room , each person thinks of something to say as `` i never . '' and you can even say things like , `` i never got straight a 's on a report card . '' and again , if you have , you drink . if you have n't , then you just wait until the next round . it 's a great game to get people laughing and you can think of some really crazy questions and get to know what you have and have n't done , and if you want to direct your questions towards the bride to really find out what she has or has n't done , that 's a great thing to do too , especially because it 's a bachelorette theme party .
eHrZDOe34Us let 's do a comparison . what to do when you 're catching wild cards versus what to do when you 're not . in baseball , its a stud game , two cards down , four cards up , one card down . now , here i have laid out two hands that have been dealt to fifth street . what you see on the top hand is that the six had the fortune of catching a nine and a three by fifth street . nines and threes are wild , so we 're looking at three sixes at this time . in addition , in the pocket , i 've got a king and a queen . so , i 've got my three sixes , but i 'm drawing to a straight . this time , i want to go ahead and bet because its better to take down a pot now than to have my opponent come back and beat me on a statistical long shot . so , i 'll go ahead and bet . this other hand for example , is n't doing so well . has n't been catching wild cards . we 've got an eight of clubs , two of diamonds and a ten of clubs . now there 's two cards to come , they have a decent chance of catching another club . its about a one in three chance . only problem is , i do n't have any wild cards and they 're facing this other hand that 's already caught two . so even if they catch their club , they have a strong chance of being up against , say a full house or four of a kind . that 's a problem . you do n't want to draw when you 're not catching wild cards and your opponents are . fold that hand .
1LEWQlRiIDg by the way chinese astrological techniques are based not on the stars movement like recent astrology but it 's rather environmental changes . so what kind of environment was at that time when person was born or the house was built . and for the house , for the flying star , the technique is based on the year the was built in a very precise compass measurement . so this is why compass is square . i usually do the compass measurement outside , trying to do it far away from metal , from cars and other metal pieces . so i stand in a very nice , relaxed position and i align the compass . i find the north , so here 's the north , and i align the needle with the north . and i align the compass with the house . so this way , i know precisely how house faces . so , it 's interesting to know that compass was invented in china , not for navigational reasons but for feng shui reasons . and women were considered to be better than men for making a precise compass measurements because women are more actually in tune with earth . so men considered to be all in their mind and they 're more connected to heaven .
dwNgychsN1Q hello ! i 'm niqui with studio soiree . the shoulder mount is a very , very challenging move and it engages all of your upper body and your core , because you need to bring your torso and your legs overhead in kind of hold that 's like a lat pull over . very , very challenging and it 's going to take a lot of strength . when you 're first conditioning to do a shoulder mount , you want to do prances . the shoulder mount is both thumbs down . your elbow should be in a little bit . then with prances , you can just kick your legs up , meet with the other leg , and bring it down . that 's going to start working your core and the muscles that you need like your lats and your triceps in order to do this move . the shoulder mount , once you 're able to do it , has you bring both legs up . you can do anything you want while you 're up here . eat dinner perhaps .
27GgMuT_ur0 hi this is dave from expert village and today we are going to make craw fish etouffee . i 'm going to be using my assistant to help me out . okay now here is the best part of the craw fish etouffee its eating it . so we got this lovely fluffy rice . so you can have as much as you like i like to mound one big spoon full in the middle here right in the middle of the bowl just like that and just dig into the etouffee . literally grab as many as you like on top there kind of like a lot myself . 3 nice little helpings like that i like to finish it with a little green onions that are chopped up just like that it adds a little color , a little crunch to it and now it is time to eat . mm mama would be proud . bona petite .
FHoCOkXa5Cs another condition that we would see in the sleep disorder clinic is known as narcolepsy . narcolepsy is alternately not well known by the bulk of the population , and it 's sort of a rare disorder if you will . and also there 's a social conception of it . there 's been portrayals of it in the media and sort of misconceptions about it and exactly what it is . narcolepsy is a condition in which a person has sleep attacks , is constantly sleepy . it 's sort of a malfunction of the sleep center of the brain which causes a person to feel fatigue when they 're not fatigued . even after what they perceive to be a full night 's sleep , they 're still not rested . they 're tired during the day . it can appear with and without cataplexy . cataplexys are forms of attacks that happen in somebody with narcolepsy where upon feeling a strong emotion , laughter , sadness , anger , sometimes during orgasm , something happens to a person 's body where there muscle tone is lost . and they can collapse , it can look like a seizure , look like fainting . it 's often misinterpreted as such . and narcolepsy does n't need to have cataplexy to be narcolepsy . there 's , it does n't change the diagnosis other than to say you have narcolepsy with cataplexy or without cataplexy . but cataplexy is generally , it 's not seen without narcolepsy . so if you experience cataplectic attacks , it means you have narcolepsy and the cataplexy needs to be treated along with it .
EVaNMG47n8Y the history of dog tricks can be traced back to the early days of circuses . whether it was different types of large animals or dogs , people are always amazed at what animals can do . so whether it is a dog catching a frisbee or jumping through a hoop or doing a ballerina dance , people have been entertained by dog tricks for many years . as i 've mentioned , it keeps a dog busy mentally and physically and gives them a job to do . it is also very entertaining to see the intelligence that dogs possess when they 're challenged in the right way . as i 've mentioned , whether it 's catching a frisbee , shaking paws , rolling over , playing dead or catching treats , it 's amazing to see the capability of dogs when they 're trained in the right way . so enjoy the upcoming tricks . hopefully you will learn something new and if you know them already , hopefully i 'll be able to fill in some blanks for you .
14UHnRRd3GM riding backwards or riding fakie is another very basic step in learning bmx freestyle tricks . for me it 's one of the things that i enjoy the most about riding although it is very perplexing to a lot of people you know it 's just not a very natural motion especially once you spent so many years learning how to ride a bike forward . a lot of people just do n't understand the whole concept of riding backwards and there is a couple of things you should keep in mind when you are doing that . you want to make sure that your weight distribution is center and you also want to make sure that you keep in mind that essentially when you are rolling backwards all of sudden your bike is stirring very differently because rather then stirring from the front and having the front wheel lead in the back wheel around all of sudden you are steering from essentially your back wheel . so as you turn you are not only turning basically the opposite of the way that you do when you rolling forward but any sort of motion that come through the front end is going to effect the way that your bike turns much faster . for example if you watch and you are rolling if you turn your bike turns very gently where if you are riding backwards you do that and all of sudden your bike is sideways and you have to make sure that you are not making any sudden movements and that you have a nice center weight distribution over the bike . basically riding fakie is one of the most necessary tricks or i guess types of maneuvers that you can learn how to bmx bike . once you have fakie skills mastered it opens up a whole new roam of tricks that you can start experimenting with . here i will show you how it works right no .
5tWBmhOWUBs next we 're going to apply the nose to our clown mask . i 've got a red circle of a nose that i 've cut a slit into like this . and you want to flap over the slit so that it gives the nose a little bit of a shape . and we 're going to put a staple in a staple that 's shaped together . now , you 've got the staple there and its a little bit its a silver shiny thing , so what i 'm going to do is take a permanent marker and just sort of color over it so its not as noticeable . and then we 're going to attach that nose with a little double stick tape . really good , sticky double stick tape . and we can put that right there at the top between the eyes and put the nose right here , just so that it just misses the eyes . its right in between the two eyes . and there 's our nose . and it has a nice little shape .
aUBqWgdXamE hey gang , it 's don golden here for expert village and the water is running and we 've got to turn it off . i think we pretty much fixed our leaky little problem in here . so what we did was we took this old housing off and replaced our old leaky cartridge which is this one with a brand new one . i think we 've probably solved our problems . at this point , is not going to be anymore leaks in this shower . again , this is something that you can do at home . it is really not hard if you know the tricks and that is it for me today . thanks for watching , expert village .
b-dRJwFjEkU in this next segment i 'll show you a very simple exercise called knee-ups . it 's a great conditioning exercises for opening up the hips and eventually also working on your cardiovascular . so what we do is we bring our hands out and just bring your knee up very simply up to your knee . now if you ca n't keep your knee up high , you start your hands here , it 's okay . i just do n't want you to bring your hands down to your knee . bring your knee up to your hands . so , what you want to do is move from your hip joint as oppose to lifting your knee which will pull you forward . you want to keep your body very straight and relax and move from your hip joint , bring the knee up . once you get a feel for this , you can turn this into a conditioning exercise and just do rapidly . so as soon as one goes down , the other one comes up . so it 's up and down , up and down , feet off of the floor . you can do in that succession . you could also do this moving across the floor as if running across the floor doing knee-ups . but i do recommend just begin by bringing the knee up , get use to that , get your hip joint open .
47c4mciDziI hi , this is david for expert village and today we are going to make homemade cranberry sauce . okay now that we have spent around 5-10 minutes on this , ready to simmer . i like to take out the cinnamon sticks , there is the one that we broke in half . now i 'm going to pour this mixture into a bowl cause we want this to cool , let all that flavor into that bowl . this is not that flavor of our , of the can type not there is anything wrong with that but this is much better and as you can see very easy to make . so we just put that pan back aside and you got this beautiful bowl and what we would do is let this cool a little while as the other ones and you can put some plastic over the tops and go ahead and put it in the refrigerator .
CiyA74Q8pYc this hairstyle , we have utilized a headband again . that gives it some definition as opposed to just creating a sloppy mop on top of your figure 's head . this way you have , it looks like there 's some sense of order even if there 's not . you 're faking it , and that 's a good thing . so first you want to start with a headband . remember place it where you want it on the head . if she 's going to have a scarf or a bandanna pulled down like gangster style over her eyebrows , put it there first . if it 's going to be up , cutsey cheerleadery style , put it there first . then work around it with the hair . and now start drawing in the hair . again draw the hair that 's on the top . and then decide how much you want to have falling out around her face to frame her face . and that 's your drawing .
5Qywnu-NV20 my name is wes rhodes from the chinese kung fu academic for expert village and this is kung fu sparring technique , outside palm block , rear leg side kick . now this technique is done using the lead hand to block , using the palm of the hand . you are going to block like this , turn the waist , pick the foot up and drive the side kick to the mid section . done slow , one , two , done a little quicker , one , two . the way this technique works with an opponent , as they punch with the left hand you are going to lead in with the left palm twist the waist , pick the foot up and drive the kick to the mid section . now it is important to keep in mind with the side kick is if you do n't chamber the kick close enough to the body it is very difficult to get any power in this kick . so you have to pull the foot very close to the body and drive it out , kicking mostly with the heel and close to the blade of the foot . again here is one slow , one , two , here is one a little faster , one , two , just like that . now this kick again aim with the ball of the foot , the blade of the foot , closer to the heel and you have to chamber really really tight to have any power on this kick . again my name is wes rhodes and i 'm from the chinese kung fu academy and that is how you perform the outside palm block , rear leg side kick .
1ptcPCWBvBc alright , now we 're going to take our large pot , turn our heat up to eight and we 're going to pour out a tablespoon of oil , and also going to measure out a tablespoon of butter . now we 're going to move this around the bottom of the pan until it covers all the bottom , then we 're going to measure out a half a cup of white rice . whenever you 're measuring something like this it can have a tendency to spill , so it 's best to pour it out over into what you plan to put it in , that way there 's no waste . alright , we 're going to give this a stir to let the butter incorporate with the rice and we 're going to go back to our vegetable stock and stir this . i can see the little globs down here at the bottom . alright , then we 're going to measure out one cup of stock because you 'd like to have a two to one liquid to rice ratio . move the stock , and then we 're going to bring this to our back burner , we 're going to bring this up to a boil . then , when it does so , we 're going to take our lid and put it on , and reduce the heat .
bq0JUrQBBzs okay so now that we have the eye shadow base and highlight on we are going to do the lid color . so i am going right to my big pallet of colors and i am going to do a pinky nude with and iridescence to it . i am just going to put this color directly on the lid . and by the lid i mean where the ball of the eye protrudes . so right from where the lash line is all the way up to the ball of the eye but not past the crease . so i am using a small brush so i can get it right where i want it . just right on the lid . and this is a very shear color so i am just going to add some more . again you can apply it as shear or as heavy as you want . and you can use it wet or dry also . i am just using it dry . it is a very natural look that i am going for . so i am just blending it out . but it 's really right from the base of the lashes just to the crease is where i am applying most of the color . open . and then i am also going to take like i did for the base a little bit under the eye . so whatever i do on top i want to do a tiny bit on the bottom just to make everything look even . and it just gives a nice highlight under the eye as well . just a tiny tiny bit . just make sure everything looks blended . you do n't want to see any harsh lines . it should look like everything just molds in together like a rainbow . and there we go , there is the lid color .
aPWX82zLo50 oh , hey ! just in time . i was getting some stuff , out of the way . so that i can share with you . how to give a hot oil treatment . now if you 're not already doing this at home , this is something that you might want to try . it 's excellent for moisture and shine . now , what kind of oil are you going to use ? there 's several kinds out there . find something that works best for you . you can use avocado oil , peanut oil , baby oil , olive oil . ovee , as some like to say . but listen , whatever type of oil , you like to use . make sure you preheat it , in a microwave . do n't make it too hot . because we are applying it , directly to the scalp . remember , as you apply oil . it will get on the hair . so cover your head with a plastic cap . and remember , keep it on for fifteen to twenty minutes . if you choose , go ahead and heat a towel . place that on your head , as well . this will help to open up the cuticle and allow that moisture and oil to get deep down , inside . last but not least , remember rinse very well . shampoo first but rinse very well . follow up with leavening or a rinsing conditioning . thanks for watching . my name is sylvia russell . and this is how , you can do a hot oil treatment .
dzSaAPgya5M this is sean from expert village . in this clip we 're going to be talking about actually placing your tire and start to go back in . like i said once you get enough speed depending on your ramp to get up here when your tire hits just about the coping here go ahead and jump , put all your weight forward . grab your front brake so you 'll land on the front tire about like this , like i said you want to be as close to the copping as you can . obviously if you do n't hit the deck you are going to mess all together go back down and end up bailing . if you are too far away , you are not going to be able to make the hop back into the ramp . keeping your pedals at the 3 and 9 position just like always grab your front brake hit your tire like i said let your frame come out a little bit like this . eventually your weight is going to balance back out and come forward when it does your body weight is also going to lean into the ramp . that is when you want to go ahead and start getting ready to jump in .
2mXX_zu6OEU ryan larson : now we 're going to talk about tuning our congas . most congas you 'll get will have the head already on them and they 'll be evenly tuned . and what i mean by evenly tuned is all the brackets will be tuned to the same tension . now , if you 're going to put a new head on , what you want to do is put the head on and put this over and bracket these in so they 're loose and then tighten by hand each nut . and you want to tighten it until you ca n't tighten it anymore by hand . and you want to go from one side of the conga to the other . so , tighten this one and then tighten one over here and tighten one over here and over here and vice versa . and just go around the instrument and get them tight just by hand first . and then once you have it by hand , you should get a slight sound . it probably wo n't sound good out of the instrument . and then what you want to do is take your tuning wrench which is usually provided as well or it 's usually just a standard wrench you can find that fits on here . and you want to tune each one counter-clockwise , just one notch going around in a circle until it gets to the sound you want . a lot of conga players like to tighten it as high as they go . especially if you 're playing with a band , you want that high pitch sound to cut through the whole band . and you do n't really want to be playing a lot of bass notes because you have a bass player and you 're going to have a drummer as well . so , you just want to have this nice -- and just cut through . so -- but if you 're playing by yourself and you want to get some low notes , you can loosen it up and you 'll get some nice sounds out of the instrument . so , now we 're going to go through and show you some more on the congas .
ESepMSmuVWc now i 'm going to show you how the last piece when it gets applied . you can do this at any point while you 're working . you do n't always have to have a separate surface for applying your adhesives . one of the other ways to work is exactly this which is just applying the adhesive down onto the surface and laying your piece down on top . so you 've already got it down on the surface . i never really wiped any on the back . the reason that i tend to do it the other way is because it applies a level of consistency to the piece . because now this piece is just not getting the adhesive stuck to it so i kind of have to work a little more with my finger in here to sort of press it down . being careful that sometimes the piece with slide because it 's still wet and the adhesive is a little bit slippery . and now you want to work to seal the deal is what i call it . when you 're finished , if you feel like you 're finished , although i still have some areas to work on . i 'm going to kind of go over the whole piece in every direction being careful that when i see how i do it like that that the adhesive catches on an edge ? you want to kind of wipe that away . it 's a little unsightly to see those caught edges full of glue but they tend to dry clear anyway so it 's not too much of a problem .
4Hd5gF56Zhk hi , this is mike lopez with expert village and today we 'll be discussing the red magic color . here we have sunrise sovereign . he 's five and a red , which is pretty okay . he is a rare . he is a 5/5 so you automatically know he 's going to have an ability . the great ability this guy has is he is a giant warrior . all other giant creatures you control get 2/ 2 and have trample . now giants in general are large creatures they have high power toughness but the 2/ 2 and trample means that they ca n't just be blocked off by insignificant little creatures and nothing happen . with the trample they 're going to overpower the defenses of the opponent and cause him damage regardless of what he throws in front of them other than creatures that soak up all the damage . now here , once again , it 's very important to realize that red is a very , very power oriented deck that really cares about damaging your opponent really fast .
CmFW0P_9Tmw the result of a set is what i just touched on previously in the last segment and i 'll go into it even a little bit further . now we talked about this thing called the swing . the word swing has nothing to do with the word playground and has nothing to do with dancing . it has to do with the loss of points versus the gain of points , and again if it 's a low level bid it 's really not going to matter too much , it 's not going to hurt you too much . any bids from say , two because , if you each bid one , that 's the most even a two bid can split . if your bid is combined then you 're bidding one trick and you 're bidding one trick . well , a couple of my friends said if you can bid one you should bid nil . oh really ? if you got the ace of spades are you going to bid nil ? if you 've got the ace and a jack of clubs are you going to bid a nil ? so the point is that the set is what pretty much decided the hands . now another thing that i tell all of my partners to do and i advise people to do is if the bid comes around to fourth seat again , let 's look at this scenario . this is you here and you are the dealer . this person over here bids a three , this person bids a five , and this person bids a one . you have a hand that looks like you 've got four tricks , you 're pretty sure of taking four tricks . you might even have ace , king , queen , jack of spades and nothing else . do you push it to thirteen ? absolutely , no , no , no , no , no unless there is a bag situation where toward the end of the game you 're risking going out by taking a bag , never , never , never push the bid to thirteen in fourth seat unless the score clearly dictates that . the reason for that is , you 're partner has put up a big old five if you had all those spades ; he 's bidding five on side suits . if by chance somebody comes in and trumps one of his five tricks and you only have four you 're not going to be able to pick him up because , you already bid the four that you expected to take . so again , the game really , clearly focuses on avoiding the sets and the impact of being set . so , safety in contracts , safety in bidding , and particularly when you 're bidding numerical bids , remember the average bid of a hand is eleven tricks . so when you start pushing it to twelve , when you start pushing it to thirteen , then you 're taking full responsibility , you 're telling your partner i probably have two extra tricks . so again , bid slightly conservatively .
FL-p4_aI6pY so now we 're going to take a look at the scale as its written in tab , and we wrote it out here . you notice we have four lines here , each represents a string on the bass , from our high string to our low string . and we started on second string right , three , five , two , three , five , two , four , five . so that was our pattern . so you want to make sure you write all this information at home , and you want to start on the bottom string . one , three , five , two , three , five , two , three , five , two , four , five . and write that whole pattern down . and again , we 're start right here on the third fret , second string , and we 're going to go over the actual letters of the scale in the next segment , which is important , when we go and analyze a tune . but you want to make sure you mark , this is one , and go down one through seven . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , one . you can put a square around it . the third fret and then the top fret . you want to make sure you have this down . and i also circled the fifth as kind of medium point for you to find , right , so we go one , two , three , four , five , those are our intervals . six , seven , one . so you want to go through and write this down . again , this is just simple tab , and we 're going to take this pattern that comes out of it , and move it all over the fretboard . so once you have it under your fingers , really memorize what it looks like 'cause we 're going to use this same pattern , this skip a fret up a fret , up a fret , skip a fret , up a fret , skip a fret , up a fret , and move it all over the bass . a good exercise is maybe to just start on another fret and get it . good way to memorize it . and once you have that you can start running through your second and fifth degrees and you get your minor scale off the second and you get your fifth scale off the fifth . so that 's your seventh scale , which comes off of the fifth note , ironically . so go through and get these patterns under your fingers , and we 're going to go through and i 'm going to show you how to utilize them in the next couple of segments .
DAh3ENwl9CA if we shadows have offended , think but this and all is mended . that you have but slumbered here , while these visions did appear . that 's puck , from midsummers nights dream . i 'm janice creneti , director of the girlstories theater project with power stories inc. in tampa , florida . i 've been acting for about twenty-five years . but a lot of people want to know , how do you break into the acting business . well first of all , you have to ask yourself , am i looking to do this just for fun , or am i looking to do it professionally . because there 's plenty of acting opportunities around , even if you just want to do it as recreation . community theaters exist in just about every city . and if you 're still in school , chances are your school is probably doing a number of productions . and you can join in . but there 's some basic things that you want to know , especially if you 're thinking about breaking into acting as a career . first of all , rule number one for an actor is be prepared . be prepared for that audition . you never know when it 's going to come around the corner . somebody might need to replace an actor at the last minute , or might all of a sudden find that they 're given the go ahead to perform that show . so if you 're looking to break into the acting business , you want to be prepared with audition material . you want to make sure that you have a monologue ready , usually it 's good to have contrasting monologues . which means , if you have one that 's really funny , maybe you have one that 's serious . maybe you have a shakespeare monologue , and maybe you have a more contemporary piece . versatility , you want to show that as much as possible in any audition . so make sure that you 're prepared to audition whenever that audition arises . the other thing that you need to do is audition a lot . find out who the different organizations are that put on theater in your area . children 's theater can be a great way to break into the professional world , where you can get paid for performing . lots of children 's theaters travel from where they 're based to areas maybe in state , maybe even out of state . so one of the things you need to ask yourself when you 're thinking about an acting career is , am i willing to travel ? so , find out what 's in your area . dinner theater , regional theater , and then just go audition . audition , audition , audition . get to know the people in your network . get to know the people who are doing the casting . they may think of you when the next time a role comes up . so be prepared , audition a lot , and that 's the best way for you to break into the acting biz . i 'm janice creneti . thanks .
EGpPVzjui_4 sarah hauer : hi . i 'm sarah hauer . sig hauer : and i 'm sig hauer , and we 're professional practitioners of traditional chinese medicine . sarah hauer : we 're here on behalf of expert village . sig hauer : and welcome to our video . people can be concerned about how many needles we 're going to use and that totally depends on what we see are the necessary areas that need to be treated and not just areas of the body but also areas of the spirit and the mind and the emotions . so that 's going to determine how many needles we use . we could use -- i 've used as few as four needles . i 've used as many as 30. usually , i am using around 10 to 15 needles per treatment . again , depending on what we see going on with that individual , we 'll determine on how long we will retain the needles , and sometimes we may come into the room after five or ten minutes , and give the needles just a slight stimulation or some of the needles just a slight stimulation . and maybe five to ten minutes later , do that again but we may leave the needles as few as 15 minutes or as long as 45 minutes , again depending upon what we see the need for that particular individual . and another concern always is how many times am i going to have to do this ? and my standard answer is , `` i do n't know . '' you can come to me and tell me exactly what 's going on and i can figure out exactly what 's going on , but everybody is very different . and that is very hard to gauge in just sitting down in 30 or 45 minutes in diagnosing a person as to how is that person really going to respond . that 's a huge factor there that we are very different people . and another factor is what will that person do for themselves because as sarah said earlier , we 're going to talk about things about lifestyle , diet that affect a person and create some of these discomforts and disease and pains , et cetera .
eCjBWnwBc8U there is not strength in numbers . how do you keep a relationship strong ? this is dr. paul . author of boomer girls , a boomer woman 's guide to men and dating . and when i say there is not strength in numbers , i mean there is not strength in you or your significant other going to their friends and talking about your relationship . it 's your relationship . and this is one of the big do n't that i have given information to people who have called on the air . do n't go to your girlfriends . do n't go to your buddies and say `` what will i do to keep that relationship strong '' ? it takes one thing and that is communication on everything . if you find in dating someone that you 're not communicating , it is not going anywhere but downhill from there . if you 're meeting with somebody and you have great communication with that person then that 's what it 's all about . so strength in relationships depends on one thing , communication . it 's all about love . it 's all about wanting to be loved and being loved . and the only way that happens is through communication . so make your relationship stronger . do n't hesitate , communicate . this is dr. paul . may your fantasies of today be your realities of tomorrow .
cYrPE6JEGR8 rasul ahmed davis : on behalf of expert village , my name is rasul davis and my company is punch kettlebell gym , new york city , and i 'm going to be showing you how to use ropes for undulation . okay . the next segment , what i 'm going to show you is something you can do with the ropes which is extremely important for martial artists , wrestlers , anybody who has to do movements that require you to move someone else using your body . and this is called -- i call it the wrestler 's throw . okay ? i want you to really pay attention to my feet and how they pivot . it 's about your hips and your feet and not about your arms . okay ? so turn the body . watch what i 'm doing . so you -- what you want to do is do a real big arc with your hands . it 's as if you are grabbing somebody by the shoulder blades or by the collar of their coat and turning them over . notice my hips turn , fully pivoting my feet , and that is the key .
14Pag7RIAsk let 's go over the rainbow chest move . this movement will combine both the torso slide and the chest lift . make sure your feet are parallel , your knees are slightly bent , your belly button 's pulled in towards your spine , your chest is lifted , shoulders are relaxed and down . arms are out to the side . let 's begin by first sliding the chest to the side . go to your full range of motion . now we 're going to lift the chest and then bring it across to the other side and letting it release . let 's go back the other direction , up and over . so that way you think about having a nice little rainbow . so again go from side to side . be sure to keep your belly button engage to your spine and not arching your back . let 's try it with some music . five , six , seven , eight . let 's try doing that in the mirror at home .
5EODY17BcYE this exercise is called the can-can and it is a great pilates exercise to really work those core muscles and then really lengthen out through those legs . now sometimes when we are doing this exercise we can use a pilates ring to really put our bodies into perfect alignment but if you do n't have a pilates ring the next best thing is a roll of paper towels . so what you are going to do is you are going to come down on to your forearms , place the paper towels between your ankles and just slightly engage your inner thighs and you want to lift up out of your chest and just take your knees side to side and it really keeps you honest because you have to keep that roll of paper towels between your ankles and you ca n't really mess up or else you 'll drop the roll of paper towels . now to really add length to this exercise , twist to one side , extend your legs , pull down , twist to the other side , extend and pull down , really keep those abs pulled in nice and tightly , try not to slouch and lift up out of your chest and this is called the can-can exercise .
b37yZjxqmFk the next thing i will show is called the inverted maya . again , it is like the maya , but it is going backwards . again , you want to making sure you are keeping yourself in correct posture . make sure you are keeping that chin lifted . shoulders level and your knees slightly bent . actually , the more you bend them with this move , the bigger of the movement you are going to get with the hips . so again , you want to start bent . you want to push your hip up , out to the side . and , you are going to bring your hip up by bringing your heel up . and , bring it down . you are almost creating a half-moon here . so , straight down . out and up . drop . out . push and up . and , drop . again , rolling out on the foot . bringing it up . your heel is up right now . and , drop the heel down . push it out to the side . around and up . and , drop . again , it is like a half-moon . and , drop . now , for the other side . make sure you are bent . push it out to the side . around and up on those toes . and , drop . around out to the side . up , and drop the foot . around , out , and up . and , drop . we are going to put it together . so , we are going to start on your right side . we are going to drop . push out and up . and , as that one is slowly coming down to drop the heel , you are bringing the other around and up . so , drop the heel . the other one is already pushing out . and , as they are right here , you are going to start bringing your other heel up . and , we are going to start putting together the inverted maya . and , smooth it out . again , make sure you try to keep your upper body very still . and , inverted maya .
eUZP2Revpeg sarah hauer : hi . i 'm sarah hauer . sig hauer : and i 'm sig hauer , and we 're professional practitioners of traditional chinese medicine . sarah hauer : we 're here on behalf of expert village . sig hauer : and welcome to our video . i think the most important thing for us when we treat somebody is we want that person to feel very comfortable when they are getting treated , not only when they 're getting treated , but when we 're conducting the interview . we 're not trying to put anybody on the spot . we 're here to help . we 're not here to make you feel bad about yourself or that you have done anything wrong . we all get sick . we all have problems , and that 's why we 're here for is to help you with those things . sarah hauer : sometimes , it 's really difficult to talk about health issues or emotional , psycho-emotional issues . in our practice , the treatment room is a sacred space and we try and create a trusting atmosphere , whatever you 're comfortable with sharing is completely confidential . and we also try to create a very safe place . when you come into our office , our approach is that we 're a team , and we work together for your benefit . our job is to help you as much as possible on your path to health and healing .
cHe7UMMo68U hi i 'm mike lopez with expert village and today we 'll be discussing artifacts from magic the gathering . and now i 'm going to talk about veridian longbow . veridian longbow is another powerful artifact equipment . once again this means that you must bring it into play and attach it using it 's equipment costs and you can only equip equipment during the times where you can play a sorcery spell which is during your first main phase and or your second main phase . and here we have is a common and veridian longbow costs you one to put into play and three to equip but equip creature has tap and this creature deals one damage to target creature or player . once again this attaches a ping affect to your creature . it is a little expensive ; however if you 're running a heavy artifact , heavy equipment deck and running anything that has affinity for artifacts this gives you multiple bonuses for playing this card . also remember , some other equipment will give bonuses for each equipment attached to certain creatures .
2_oS8sZEsHY hi , this is david for expert village and today we are going to make smothered chicken with maque choux casserole . so now we are going to prepare the cajun mirepox for our dish , so we are going to start cutting up some celery . i would cut off the end ; this is not very tender at the end . i 'm just going to set that to the side . then what i like to do is these are fairly large stocks so i like to go lengthwise cause we want sort of a medium dice in here in our maque choux . so just go ahead and cut them into ribbons like this . to get really small pieces you know really thin ones , you would not necessarily have to do this . but for these it would just make it easier for the cuts cause we would put this all together and then just run your knife right through . you can see a nice uniform slice .
cAnpXVuaImQ alright we 've already used our red sticky tape to adhere the two edges , and i 've slipped the popcorn bag out for just a moment . what we 're going to do next with your slot punch , go hit and down about a quarter of an inch and pop a hole there . and what you can do is if you squeeze it tight , you can see where you need to pop in on the other side or you can take your pencil and mark it just a little bit darker . and then you 're just going to line up that punch again and punch it . alright , so now you can slip your popcorn slider back in and you 're going to take your ribbon , it 's going to come from the inside and come through on both sides , and where the seam is in the back , that is , of course , the back of your slider and then just give it a try . make sure it pulls nice and easy , and this one does . line up your ribbon . and you can do a couple things here . you can tie a bow , you can tie a knot . what i like to do is just go ahead and tie a big knot . you want to have it long enough though so they have something to tug on . so i 've tied a knot . just going to trim my edges , double check it , slides beautifully , i 've got the front and the back . i like to have the popcorn slide so that it comes out the front . now the next thing that we 're going to do is decorate it and make it really really pretty .
E_aVXBQk1XY in this segment , we 'll get a little bit more into the photography aspect of the game . i will show you how to , maintenance of your camera . you have to make sure you replace the battery . if the battery dies , you can not take pictures . every so many pictures you take , you need to go to a camera store and replace the battery . i 'll show you where a camera store is at . and , also i will show you some other techniques into scoring high pointed pictures that will at the end of the game be turned into experience points to help your character level up . when you leave the security room to access the mall , there 's an elevator . take it down . you 'll walk through a large storage room . once you walk out of the storage room , first store on your right is a camera store . go to the back left , hit b and your battery is recharged . ok. so , another thing to get a lot of points when taking a picture is they 're called pp stickers . now , they 're hidden all over the game . and , they 're really small and hard to find . for example , really small on the chest of that bird there is a pp sticker . by taking a picture of that bird , i 'll get a lot more points than just taking a picture of something else random . like i said , these stickers are everywhere . a lot of the times , they are on sides of stores . so , you can go ahead and just take a picture of the side of a store . but , there is one really small on the `` o '' of the word choice . it 's a little gray dot . take a picture of it .
eKMaH_pOYHw okay , another way to cultivate power with the double stick is i 'm going to go right back to my original stance with my power leg forward , power hand forward right here . okay , and with each strike , i 'm using the four count again , this is one , two , three , four , we 're going to use it on the diagonal plane . i 'm not going to use the horizontal what we did . i 'm going to drop my weight as i strike . okay , for instance , i 'm going to be here . okay ? now , if i do my left , it 's . so i come up and i come down , up and down . go up and down . okay ? so , one , two , three , four . just like that . you notice as i strike , i come up , i drop my weight , come up , drop my weight , come up , drop my weight . okay ? this way i 'm learning how to use , utilize my shoulder , my whole body in sync for the pop , to make the strikes more powerful and permitting my wrist snap with my shoulder movement , my arm movement . the turn of my foot maybe , the pivot and the turn of my hip and the dropping of my weight . it 's like that . one , two , three , four , see ? okay ? it 's a couple of ways to cultivate power using the double stick .
eQMzwS8gkcE hello i 'm sifu mallon with the clearwater kung fu center . this is my assistant melissa and this is kick boxing . the kick boxing technique we are going to be working on is called our lead mid round kick . lead meaning i 'm using the front of my leg and mid describing where the target zone is . the target zone for this kick , melissa lift your arms up , this kick is anywhere between above the hip and below the arm pit so mid body range . so this is kind of like an intermediate level for your round kick . so from here we begin from our fighting position . i 'll demonstrate a few of these at normal speed and then i 'll have melissa go through it a little slower so i can point out some finer points out . so i as i slide up i bring my rear foot to front foot and turn my body . my hands are still in my cock guard position . i am pushing my foot up hinging the knee and i 'm going to throw my round kick to mid body , down and back , one , two , three . normal speed . o'kay melissa let me have you come forward and demonstrate this . to slide up , rear foot to front foot , stay at this point this toe turns more back , bend the knee , and base out here . the body compresses , the leg pushes up and fires out . again one , two , three , again , one , two , three . good , one more , good . this is called our lead mid round kick , kick boxing .
5DVDV_k3z8c how to gain weight through exercise , can it be done ? absolutely and the good news is , it 's going to be the right kind of weight , all muscle . hi , my name is jani roberts , i 'm a graduate of the american academy of nutrition and a certified personal trainer . the best and most effective way to gain weight through exercise is to work the body , do n't worry about weights , do n't worry about tools , just use your own body weight . you can do this by doing power movement , we like to call it agility and also plyometric movement . you 're simply going to move your own body weight . for example , lets say you go into a squatting position , we all know this is challenging , you 're sitting way back , off your knees and you 're going to simply do a plyometric movement straight up and down . by moving your own body weight , your heart rate is going to come up and you 're going to really sit deep into those strong larger muscles , the quadricep and the glutes and hamstrings . doing repetitive movements , such as this , is really going to build strength in those muscles . we have to start here because before you can really lift heavy , you 've got to be strong enough to do so . so , start it out with agility movement , quick , fast movement working coordination and reflexes , and then move into plyometric movement , explosive movement . remember , just moving your own body weight , that 'll do it . heart rate will come up and you 'll get strong enough so you can progress into really actually moving weight . in order to gain weight through exercise , we need to increase our muscle mass , it 's the only way we really want to do it correctly . so , we 're going to have to eventually start to really move more weight than just our own body weight but first , before you can do that , you 've got to make sure the body is strong enough . it 's key , no injuries , right ? so , can you gain weight through exercise ? absolutely , enjoy it . thanks , this is jani roberts .
3wVrsesGaI4 in this clip we 're talking about the holidays and how we 're defining the lines and the techniques that we 're using . and as you can see , i 'm dipping each time . i 'm using some petroleum jelly and working an area . i 've worked some of this area up top . and you can see how i 've tightened these lines up . and here 's an example what i 'm going to do . on this curved line right here , as you can see in this segmented line , i 'm going to take the seven mag , work at an angle . stretch the area , and define the line by moving down . and while i 'm down there , i can define this line by moving up in small skating motions . and then complete the top part of this . and you see that defined it , and it tightened up the edges . we 're going to do the same thing over here on this side . this is using a seven mag to tighten up the edges of the lines , which is fine in cases like this . and we 're just going to continue on .
_cA2fz70v8E hi this is jon on behalf of expert village in this video clip i will be taking you through our reassembly process . i purchase this complete repair kit from the hardware store now this includes all of the basic workings for replacing the guts of your toilet . now it is really important that you follow the installation instructions this is going to help make sure that it does n't leak once you have it reassemble . in addition it is really going to help to make sure that you assemble it correctly . first we are going to install the float assemble the same way in reverse that we took the old one out . make sure that you only hand tighten this . if you tighten it to tight it could damage the components or crack the tank . next we need to install the flush valve make sure that you only tighten this hand tight cause you do n't want to damage anything and a new rubber gasket goes over the top of that . lastly we need to install our new handle .
1UgVELjBVjs hi , i 'm jason , mac genius , and today we 're going to talk about internet service providers , or isp 's . these are basically people that will provide you with an internet connection . a lot of cable companies ; comcast , quest , a lot of those guys will provide your dsl connections which are good . dsl is always on , and dsl is nice to have . you just jump on your computer , you click on your browser , and you 're good to go . dial-up ; do n't use dial-up . dial-up 's wrong and evil , and it 's a thing of the past . so that said , there is a good side and a down side to satellite services . the good side is they have usually fast connections . the down side is cost , and also , usually they have kind of an allowance per month so you have so much bandwidth that you use per month , and when you use that bandwidth then you 're done . so , we do n't want to you know ; wild blue does that , hughes does that , and those , that 's not a good deal , so you guys need to get a good deal , so ... usually , your phone companies will provide also like ; cause ' dsl 's connected through a phone service , so you 're going to get your internet connection , your phone line , and your cable usually will come packaged at a discount price usually , and i know that some services will offer ; i think quest has a kind of a lifetime , they lock in a price for a lifetime with you . if you want to sign your blood away and and do a contract with quest that 's your business , but otherwise , you can pretty much do , choose whoever you want . check around your area and you 'll have local packages to choose from , or national packages to choose from . also , it 's a good idea to talk to friends and people who you service and do they get good customer support ? do they get quick service ? if something breaks down do they get answers quick ? is there twenty-four hour service ? these are things that you 're going to want to ask yourself and before you decide . so , that 's choosing an internet service provider , some things to keep in mind . thanks for watching . i 'm jason , mac genius . talk to you later .
5QCF03SgZbA hi am tamal bhattacharya , muralist , talking on behalf of expert village . my subject is mural , terra cotta mural . the mural is a vast subject in art world . murus is a latin word . the murus means it 's a wall . the wall related to work is a mural . different kind of mural . the ceramics mural , terra cotta mural , any junks mural is related to artwork and art methods . this is a mural . related the wall and inferment . the two damaging quality and painted surface . mural is work of art activities . mural is a byzantine art and bengal traditions the mural is the terra cotta temples . terra cotta temples is a big vast area of bengals . it 's turned india and bankua municipal vastly the mural and total wall and different kind of god and goddess . the relief work all kind of relief sculpture but the relief sculpture is one type of mural . actually , my thinking all of this mural is relate to the human beings . not only the painting , the mural related to public relations . related to inferment , relate to wall , and relate to atmospheres . thank you .
E3AlV6G9cew alright , so here we are . we 're going to be using hand line right now . we have a minnow on the bottom , which is still quite active , he 'll go in the hole first . then we 've got the flasher attached and above that we 've got an ice fly on a line leader . to unravel the hand line , the line on the hand line , it 's done manually by hand around the forked area , the spool in the back . you want to let out your line until such time that it goes slack . you can see here that it 's slack . that means that the flasher or the weight is on the bottom . now since the hook and the bait is below the flasher we 're going to need to bring the flasher back up so that it is off the bottom . we call these wraps . each time around is a wrap . we 're going to bring it three wraps up which is approximately three feet , going half way around twice and then we 're about a foot and a half or one half the distance off the bottom . now we 've got a minnow that is down there on the very bottom with a flasher above it .
cQwxm1k62WY hi this is yolanda vanveen from vanveen bulbs dot com . and in this segment we are going to talk about how to grow indoor plants with artificial lights . now we all love our plants outside in our garden , but we can also enjoy plants inside . and you do n't need to have a really sunny window and you do n't need to have a lot of artificial light for them to grow well . you only need a little light and i found plants really survive well indoors with a little help with just a little artificial light . i have found this window is the best window in my whole house for plants to grow . it is east facing so it gets the sun that comes up in the morning and then there is no sun in the afternoon . i 've got this artificial light up here that is on every night . it 's about the only light that i leave on in this part of the house . and it 's just enough light for all the plants to have light at night as well . and it seems to be just enough for them to do even better then if they did n't get any light at night . and i found just a little bit of artificial light goes a long way . and all it takes whether it 's a little light in your laundry room or a light in your bathroom or even a light in your office . if you put a plant underneath that light when the light 's on at night it might be just enough for that plant to do really well . so of course the sun light is the best for plants . but not all of us live in areas where even when the sun is out and there 's so many clouds to cloud it up , you are just not getting enough light in the house . so by just even having a few lamps or a few lights or using the lights that you already have , sometimes you can use clip on lights and sometimes even a night light over a plant will make all the difference . and try it that 's what my case is , try it you never know what plants will do . a lot of plants do n't need much light to survive . and they will do very well indoors even if it 's a tiny night light above them . so try to plant your plants inside under a light and see how they do . if they are not doing so well move them into a sunnier window , and if they are doing really well , then leave them where they are at . but gardening can be really enjoyable inside or outside and you do n't even need to have sunlight . you can have artificial light .
e7t9nEntKHc ready to add a twist to your rocking reverse undulation ? hi i 'm johanna and this is karen and we 're here from hip expressions belly dance studio in st. petersburg florida . so let 's take our rocking reverse undulation and we 're going to change up the timing a little bit so it 's going to be down in front and tuck in the back , down in front , tuck in the back . so it 's going to be one , two , three , four , one , two , three , and the footworks going to be right foot , left foot , right foot , and as you scoop the tail here slide the foot up and change the feet . so it 's one , two , three , slide the foot , tuck the tail . one , two , three , slide the foot , tuck the tail . one , two , three , slide the foot , tuck the tail . one , two , three , slide the foot , tuck the tail . good . practice in front of a mirror . get it nice and smooth . one , two , three , slide the foot , tuck the tail . and one , two , three . one , two , three . good you can take it forward right ? one , two , three , one , two , three . drill it until it 's nice and smooth and soon you 'll have a beautiful reverse rocking undulation traveling forward .
2IRo6Tvu0og now i 'm actually going to reverse the strap . this is a little doohickey my husband and i came up with , i just never cut the wire off because it stands up nice if i leave it on there . i 'm sure eventually we 'll use the wire , probably , for making some fairy wings . going to go ahead and thread yours all the way on there . you can do this with any piece of wire that 's got a little strength to it , put a little hook on the end . i 'm going to put this all the way up in there , make sure it 's on there secure , i 'm going to flip it so this goes inside out over top of it . now it 's always a good idea to leave a little extra on the strap just in case the hook should rip a hole in it , and it 's not as big a deal if you had a little extra on there to start . make sure that you work it gently , because if you rip it off , then it 's probably , you 're going to have to start all over . you just hold it here when you 're trying to work the top , rather than just pulling it all the way because it will rip it off of there . and look , it stayed on there . we 're going to go ahead and just slide it up and slide it down , and it will come out , and just go ahead and work the rest of it . and when you 're done , it will look just like so !
BkYrM26ZhLQ steve caverno : steve caverno on behalf of expert village , here to talk to you today about dialogue . now , we 're going to talk about catchphrases . catchphrases and motifs . so , some of these are things that people might say like , `` believe it or not . '' `` believe it or not , i was a long distance runner . '' or `` believe it or not , i have a phd in psychology . '' or something like that , and this can be something that someone repeats . they have -- they wan na -- they might get pompous . they might have something to say about themselves . so , believe it or not , this is an important element of writing , also -- the things that people say , catchphrases . also , you can have someone constantly saying `` believe it or not '' and then at end when someone 's going to reveal something about them that they know , that this person does n't think they know , you 're going to have them begin with `` believe it or not '' . so , you can have this person constantly saying `` believe it or not '' and then you can have the detective coming at the end of the play and say , `` believe it or not , i found your fingerprints at the scene of the murder , '' so that way we take that line that this person has been saying all the time and we turn that against them . this is the way that we bring in lines and we define characters with what they say but then we can also use that against them . we can use that in another character , the way they might tease them . there might be some way where we can create that witty -- that crafty dialogue . you might hear probably in the war films or the war theater where you have that interplay and then these are ways we can look at to create that interplay between characters .
EN4EVg0JGFk one of the ways that you can help your kids expend some of that energy that they seem to have , especially during the winter when they ca n't get outside a lot is to have them help out with shoveling . this shovel is a little bit large , you can purchase shovels that are kids size , but as you can see autumn is , it 's a way for her to be able to help out and to burn some energy off and also to have a little bit of fun along the way . depending on their age , you might want to give them a little bit of hand or shovel along with them so it 's more of a kind of teamwork type of thing . but generally a lot of times kids do feel good when they can help out and do something specific such as the shoveling of the snow . there 's not anything that is going to break and you know just let them do it until they get tired and it 's a way that they can help out .
diEA4r3HmYs tools , that a ceo might use , i do n't want to think about that . well actually , to be a ceo , you have to be a master of quite a number of tools . we talked about communication , we talked about ability to motivate , we talked about the ability to coach other people and recognize their strengths and develop them . probably the key thing for a ceo is that everything matters . you 've got to recognize that everything you do matters , how you dress , how you act , how you talk , where you park your car . where for an ordinary person you might be able to park in a restricted space and have no one notice , but if you 're the ceo everyone notices . so its a major deal , you really have to hold yourself to a higher standard . and part of that , everything is recognizing that in communication , body language is probably far more important than actually what you have to say . and tone is also very important in that and for ceo 's to learn how to do that and use those tools is just exceptionally important . i 've known no ceo , i 've known no software that teaches you how to be a ceo , to be effective . actually the best software for ceo 's is other ceo 's . you should read about them , you should become a student of ceo 's . not so that you can copy them . you do n't want to become a jack welch , of ge . but you do want to understand what makes him or her effective and how to develop in your own skin the capabilities and what it takes to be a ceo .
eLARVyuOhb0 hi ! my name is j and i 'm talking to you guys today on behalf of expertvillage.com , and i 'm going to teach you how to make the red enchilada sauce . in this clip , we 're going to talking about how to pick your ingredients at the store for your red enchilada sauce . first of all , with the sweet onion when you go to the produce section you want to look for the sign that actually says sweet onion . there 's a lot of different onion . there 's yellow onion , white onion , red onion . i prefer sweet onion because it does n't have such a bitter taste to it . what you want to do is you want to look around and make sure it 's firm all the way around , you do n't feel any type of hole or bruising . you just want to look for a nice , round , hard consistent ball . as far as your garlic , usually all garlic is good . you just do n't want to see any type of molding or anything on the outside . you just want to make sure it 's nice and firm . as far as your spices go , i got what brands i have . you can pick whatever brand you want . you can used smoked paprika or you can use any other type paprika . there 's a lot of different types and there 's a lot of types of chili powder ; just whatever you prefer . as far as olive oil , i use extra virgin olive oil . it adds a lot more flavor than regular olive oil does . if you 'd like you can use half olive oil and half butter , or you can just use extra virgin olive oil to get the real good flavor . as far as salt , i 'm using kosher salt . it 's a lot thicker than regular table salt . it think it 's tastes better and it 's just a lot more course . as far as your pepper goes , you definitely need to use fresh ground black pepper . what i mean by that is you can see the actual pepper corns in my grinder . this is fresh ground black pepper . it 's not that powder stuff that you usually use at home . this is the whole pepper corn in there and it grinds up . this way you get the full potential of the pepper corn inside of you sauce . as far as tomato sauce goes , which is the main base of your red enchilada sauce . i get the kind with no salt added . i 'm going to add my own salt to it and i 'm going to season it how i like . i really do n't like it have salt already added it . that 's just my personal preference . if you do get the kind that has salt , make sure you do n't add too much salt in the seasoning part because it 's going to be a little too salty . same thing with the tomato paste . no salt added that way i can season it myself and i do n't have to worry about it being too salty . that is how you can pick your ingredients out at the grocery store for your red enchilada sauce .
2T3GYXb999s one of the things you need to worry , think about next is inspirations and how do i get them from my wreaths . a wreath is to tell a story as far as i 'm concerned and it 's like a picture . and , the easiest way to go , is to go to any out in the natural woods environment , landscapes , ski-scapes , and you 're going to create a little picture of what you just see and interpret it into a round form . and , you want it to look like it means something to you , as opposed to just slapping it onto a wreath , flowers that hit at every spot . i tend to make mine look more like a piece of artwork , and more of a story or a photograph , than i do you know , one flower here , one here , one here and in between . so , it 's more of an inspirational from nature , or you can go to a museum , look at artwork , or just start flipping through books and thinking of things that you 'd like and do n't like for on your wreath . so , the first thing you need to do is have an inspiration , and the easiest way to do it is go out into nature .
bv1Ry5ccB94 once you 've determined the fence style , size and location , the next thing you need to do before you proceed , is contact your local city , and , or hoa , or home owners association . this is important because each city and home owners association may differ in the requirements with fence size , fence style , and color . so before you proceed , make sure that you 're in accord with those requirements . also , last but not least , the next thing you want to do is call your local utility marking company , such as blue stakes . this is very obvious , and very important because , a , it 's illegal to dig without marking utility lines , such as gas , power , and cable , and then b , you can electrocute yourself , maybe die , and , or go to jail . so make sure you call your local utility company to mark the lines before you commence digging . i appreciate you spending time with me today , in discussing those important questions and factors that you need to discuss before you purchase your vinyl fence . next i 'll pass the time to cliff and matt , my colleagues , who will help instruct you about the basics of how to install a vinyl fence , and how to maintain it .
cjJIl4y87pU hi , i am voice over artist james benedict on behalf of expert village . this video is about learning how to play the didgeridoo . i would like to share a few secrets with you . now , the moment you have been waiting for , how to play the didgeridoo . we have to start out with the embouchure . you tighten the corners of your lips right here and blow through the center leaving this part of the mouth loose . now , before you laugh , this is what you have to do to play . if you ever played a trumpet , a trombone , a tuba or another brass instrument you had to do it back then . if you did n't , start from scratch . it is really easy . you want to practice that for a day or two before you start to really get a feel for how this thing sounds . when you first start out you are probably going to sound a little something like this , which is not what you want to get out of the didgeridoo . if that 's what it sounds like , then your lips are pursed too tightly . its way to high pitched . try something more along the lines of big bumble bee not small bumble bee . let 's give it a try . that 's the basic tone of the didgeridoo .
237zEu4WUjM alright , so in this clip we 're just going to talk about you know , the approach , to this obstacle . since i 'm goofy-footed , i approach it with my front side , so i can actually know , spin the board and it 's in front of me , so i can see the landing . so instead of want to be , hey i 'm goofy , i approach it this way , basically it 's all in front of me so i can see actually what i 'm doing . versus backside , which is me on the other side . and over here i 'm approaching it but i 'm still goofy . you know it 's out there more , it 's you know , a little to my , you know a little to the back so i ca n't like , control it as much . i mean people still do it this way , i mean that 's perfectly fine as long as it 's comfortable for you . but at the same time , you also have to take into consideration like , you know , how are you going to land a trick . it 's a little harder , yes , but at the same time you know , i mean it 's just about , all about comfort level . so if you approach a backside , you 're going to be doing a 360 flip the opposite way , and at the same time , you 're going to be , you 're still going to be you know , flipping it out that way . so i 'm going to be backside here . i mean you can still catch it , as long as you know it 's centered and everything . but , you 're going to be doing backside versus the front side way . it 's a lot easier to see and catch the board . so that 's just another thing to think about whenever you 're trying this trick .
Fu46pdVz4qY today , we 're talking about everything to do with ironing . not only just the ironing itself , but your clothes and some of the upkeep of your clothes . now , i understand sometimes when you do your laundry you ca n't always get to your ironing on the same day . things get busy , life is busy . you have to pick up the kids , so it kind of sits in the basket . or if you 're like me and you have a husband with good intentions ; he does the laundry but he does n't really do the ironing . that 's what happened here . see this ? good intentions but a lot of wrinkles . i can fix it . what you want to do is you want to get your clothes and you want to shake . just give it a good shake , get it back in some kind of shape . there you go . then you want to just smooth it . smooth it over . there you go . poor dress , sitting in the basket for two weeks . give it some tlc . get all of the wrinkles out . if they 're still not coming out you can use a little bit of spray starch . just a little . you do n't want it to get too stiff . you want it to be loved . you want to start your ironing the things that are in good shape . you do the same thing with a man 's shirt . shake it out . make sure the collars are not stuck ... cuffs . so , two things to remember . shake and smooth , shake and smooth . that 's the way to get some wrinkles out of things that have been left in your basket . are you ready ? come on , let 's get ironing .
bVZGxaNDZ8w for our pasta course we 're going to be making brown rice penay with fried garlic pesto , which is a recipe i came up with myself one time when i was doing some food demonstrations at a store for the pasta brand , and i decided to use fried garlic because it puts more smell in the air and attracts more people . this is also different because there is no cheese , most pestos have parmesian cheese in them , and there 's no pine nuts . also i 've substituted some roasted red pepper , which gives it a different kind of body similar to tomatoes , but that fire gives it a nice earthy flavour . so this pesto , though , does have the basil , like all good pestos should , olive oil , our garlic , balsamic vinegar , cayanne pepper to give it a nice little bite , and we 'll show you how to put together the past too . the brown rice pasta requires just a little bit of eye watching , but you 'll see it 's much better than wheat , for those of you who have allergies like myself , i ca n't eat wheat . so , we 'll be back with the rest . ok now i 'm going to show you how to roast red peppers . it 's so easy , i 'll i 'm going to do is tell you how to do is burn the hell out of it . it 's just that simple . now , you put it right on the stove , like that . that 's pretty easy , do n't you think ? and as it burns , you 'll want to turn it around . now what i have here , i 'm just cooking one , but most likely if you 're doing this , you want to have one on every stove , or you could even have two on a burner , because it just makes sense to do more than one , if you 're spending the effort to do that . after about ten minutes , it 's going to look like this . it will be piping hot , you wo n't be able to hold it with your hand , but what you want to do is put it in a brown paper bag , or put them all in a brown paper bag , and just seal it up for about ten minutes to a half-hour , if you want to be doing something else . and that will let the flesh continue to cook and more of the burnt flavour get into the cooked flesh . it 's that simple . ok , i want to show you know how to peel the peppers , because what 's important is most people might think to go run this under water at the sink , but that 's the last thing you want to do . you want to peel the skin off , it comes right off , but you want to peel it by hand and you do n't want to run it under the water , because all your flavour will be washed away . so , it 's ok if you have a few bits left ; it 's ok if your hands get messy . and here is the seed center , as you can see i 'm peeling away the seeds . there you go . and you 're left with a beautiful roasted pepper . you are allowed to wash your hands . but look at that . is that gorgeous or what ?
3j09zP84boM now we are going to talk about options for irrigating the hoophouse . of course there is no rain that comes in here which is a blessing because the rain brings crop damage and diseases however you are responsible for every drop of water in this hoophouse . come march and april the hoophouse uses lots of water so you 're going to have to make a plan . you can see shenandoah is hose watering which is ok given that we have the water and we are out here every day but in the long run we are going to have to come up with a better plan that does n't tax the domestic well so highly . we sometimes use a hundred or more gallons or mare a day to keep the hoophouse irrigated . ultimately we want to put in drip irrigation . drip irrigation is a system by which the water is emitted right on the soil surface of just under the surface . right where the plants need it . so you waist less and there 's less labor . with an established drip irrigation system you could water this whole hoophouse with the switch of a , with the flick of a switch . notice how shenandoah is washing the plants she avoids a direct stream she 's using the mister the spraying mist to gently distribute the water . she washes over the bed of salad greens and she comes back for a second time allowing the water to peculate down rather to slosh or run off the surface . lastly let me talk about another option for irrigation . you can see we have this hose which goes to a gravity flow tank which is caught off the house harvested from the house and flows down here in the summer months by gravity . now our prototype was collecting three hundred gallons of water but we really were we are really looking at building a ten thousand gallon water catchment system and sense the hoophouse is a downhill from the house and the potential catchment tank we can irrigate this entire hoophouse through gravity .
D4NatJnEMBU hi my name is karl james owner of creolesoul catering located in round rock , tx on behalf of expert village i 'm here to show you a creole shrimp sausage recipe . okay sausage today we 're going to do a creole shrimp sausage the thing about creole and cajun cooking or sausage making is that they stuff about anything . into the casings and the sausage of you can do rabbit you can do goose , you can do chicken , turkey , catfish i mean basically anything . the trick is to figure out the right seasonings that goes well with those meats that you use for that sausage . today what were going to do is a shrimp creole shrimp sausage it 's going to be kind of spicy and were going to use some pork to actually bine that together . another option would be to eliminate the pork and you can actually use egg whites to create that bite . for this recipe were going to use a little bit of pork and shrimp to make our fillings so let 's get started .
5vpVp1x5VrA on the basics of flash . oay , our next tool down , is the eyedropper tool . and this is n't going to take long to explain . you simple put it over whatever color you want , you click it and if you look down here , the color tile will update accordingly . so , if i want this , and actually something that it also does that is very , very useful , is once you select it , it automatically knows you 've just selected a fill color . so you probably want to then use that to dump the paint out onto another fill . so it automatically changes it to the paint bucket tool . so it can now fill another space . so let 's show you that again . we 're going to undo , undo , click the eyedropper . select this pink color and watch over here in my tool vault when i do that . okay . two things happened . number one , it changed to a , to the pink color in my fill color . and it changed my active tool from an eyedropper to the paint bucket . because it intuitively knows that if i 've picked up a color , i 'm probably going to use it , which i am . i 'm going to fill right here . so , that 's the eyedropper tool .
DWkPtTMVx7w hey , welcome back ! my name is sylvia russell and today we 're going to show you how to pick a hair color . first things first , always consult a professional . now i know some of you at home do n't trust professionals with your hair . so make sure to read directions on any box that you picked up from the grocery store . make sure to compare your hair color with the color on the box . this is very important , okay . so here we have a color ring and this is what i use when i 'm deciding on a color for my client . i give them the option to pick a color , and then , we can also place it against her to make sure that the color we choose will complement her skin tone . now , this is something that you may not be able to do with a box of color from the grocery store , but , in your local beauty supply store , you maybe able to pick up a color ring yourself . so make sure that you pick the right color for you . the next thing is once we pick a color , we make sure that we agree on it . so make sure it 's something that you really want . remember , read the directions , if not , you ca n't do it yourself at home , consult a professional . i 'm sure she 'll give you the color that you love . make sure to take a few pictures to give her an idea of what you want . my name is sylvia russell and this is how you can pick a hair color .
2VRYb9Lu6OE whether it 's from cooking odors , or pet odors , or stinky sneaker odors , or just because the house is shut up during the winter , your house can sometimes not smell so great . so i 'm going to show you a couple of natural ways that you can make your home smell better without having to use a candle that may be made with chemicals . so the first thing you 're going to do is create a nice rug deodorizer using baking soda and borax . take a jar and mix the two together . there 's really no rhyme or reason to how much you 're going to use and put it in your jar . then take whatever essential oils you have or you can get at your health food store , and just put a couple of drops in there . i 'm using lemon . you can also use these essential oils : using lemon brings vitamin c into the room , you can use tea tree for deodorizing action . and you put it in there and leave it overnight and the borax and the baking soda absorbs the fragrances . then you can just take a cover and poke some holes in it and just sprinkle it around your living room , on the carpet , and let it sit for a while and then vacuum it up . another thing that you can do is make a room spray . very easy to do . you just take a spray bottle , and again , you take whatever essential oils you want your room to smell like . you can even find pine essential oil for a nice pine smell , and put about 12 drops of essential oil in the water bottle . you can even use eucalyptus if somebody 's got a cold because that 's good for deodorizing and sanitizing . and using tea tree , which has been known to kill 99 percent of bacteria and 80 percent of virus germs . so it 's , like , and all natural disinfectant . and most odors are caused by dying bacteria , so if you 're using something like tea tree in a spray bottle , you 'll actually be eliminating the odor at its source , which is the dead bacteria . and then just spray it around your room . i am lauren roy from sugar hollow farm in phillipston , mass .
FkNsMshU3UA david green : hi . my name is david green with expertvillage.com . excuse me . the reason why before i said we 'll go ahead and hold off on the breaking out , if we were done with -- we 'll , let 's say if the customer was not having a supply of carpet protector , then we would have gone ahead and raked that , and we would have been done . in this case , we 're going to ahead and show you applying carpet protector , often referred as stain guard or scotch guard . dupont teflon is the brand that we prefer . it 's considered to be the best product in the industry , and we 'll go ahead and apply this first and then rake it . and this will allow us to work that protector a little bit more into the carpet . otherwise , like i said , if we were n't doing the protector , we would have gone ahead and raked it right after the buffing . first off , we 're just going to do is , especially with our protector , we want to clear out our line . this line right here goes down into the jug before we had sanitizer , and then before that , we had a cleaner in there , especially with protector , 'cause the last thing we want to do -- we want to make sure that only the protector is going on the carpet because we 're not going to be rinsing the carpet again . so we 're going to clear out what was -- last in here was the sanitizer . a good 3 or 5 seconds is fine , and then we 're ready to apply the protector to the carpet , and this as well as the sanitizer is just a very even coating . a little less bit heavy than the sanitizer but is evenly applied . and as i said before , this helps the carpet to be more soil resistant , stain resistant . this product , as we talked about before , will remove all kinds of stains from the carpet . i might have been a little bit more nervous to apply this to the carpet if i had n't already protected this carpet the last time we cleaned it eighth months ago , which allows that to provide a barrier from whatever we put on the carpet to prevent that from soaking into the pores of the fiber and permanently staining it . like i said , think of the protector as a protective coating or barrier around the fiber .
2XZ3lLKejtY these are the materials we 'll be using to make our peek-a-boo play mat out of recycled jeans . you 'll need plenty of recycled jeans . look for jeans that have you know , interesting pockets , maybe some button flies , some nice zippers that are easy to move . we 'll also be using a little bit of scraps of , i 'm using a fleecy fabric , to make some little peek a boo critters to put inside . a nice big fat button would be nice to have so we can make a practicing button tag and you 'll need some good , sharp scissors for cutting the denim and you 'll want to use , we 're going to be sewing with a sewing machine so you 'll want to fit your sewing machine with some heavy needles . i bought a jeans denim needle and you can check the instructions on your machine to see what 's best for sewing heavy fabrics . we 'll start our peek-a- boo play mat by making the front and back sections . you 'll need two flat panels that are the same size and the best way to make those is to sew them up from legs . so if you take the legs and just cut off the bottoms , anything that 's messy there , and then cut the legs the right length and then cut them open , you can even just tear them open and then sew together as many legs as you need to for the size that you want . now mine is twenty-two inches by twenty-six but you can really make your peek-a-boo play mat as large or as small as you want depending upon what kind of pockets and things you want to put on it .
EyoMU2yoJPY we do n't have a grey parrot here today but this little conure here has been taught to talk , can talk when he wants to . and you would teach a grey parrot to talk by having them to where you can have their complete attention where they 're not distracted . and repeat the same phrase . when the bird acts like it 's trying to say it or trying to cooperate , you would use a clicker , then give them their treat and tell the bird it was a good bird . birds love praise . they love to know that they 've done something good . i would do this every morning and again every evening for about fifteen minutes . do n't stress the parrot , do n't overtire the parrot , do n't expect too much at one time . parrots learn to talk at different rates . they 're very much like a child . some children do n't learn to talk until they 're a great deal older than others , and some learn to talk very rapidly . grey parrots are great talkers and they learn usually quite well and quite rapid . but you need to expect what your parrot can do and do n't try to over emphasize or over pressure the bird because that will cause stress and make them back off from talking . but they do talk , they talk usually quite soon and they want to please you .
1dRYmSm6gN4 hi , my name is ella seltzer for expert village . now we are going to start working on the necklace by connecting the flower pieces together . you take your looped head pin and you take your crystal and you insert the crystal onto the pin , like this . now in order , the idea is to create another loop on the other side of the crystal and in order to do this you take your flat nose pliers and grasp the pin firmly and allow about a little less than a centimeter of space , probably like half a centimeter . you want it to end up being the same length as this little loop here and in order to do that you have to take the pin and bend it at a right angle like this . so this is the first stage of creating the loop . and then with your wire cutters , you want to cut off the excess wire so that you have a right angle and that the height from the end of the crystal to the end of the pin is the same as the length the other way , and cut it like so . okay so then you take your needle nose pliers and you grasp the end of the wire very firmly and using your wrist you make a very slow movement in order to make it into a loop , just twisting it around you end up with a loop like this . loops take quite a bit of practice but they are an essential skill in jewelry making . so if at the first time you do n't succeed , keep trying until you get the best loops you can make .
Bfkfc7Ck04M okay guys , listen here , your opponent gets you in a thai clinch , maybe he 's watched a little mma or a little muay thai , he knows what he 's doing . number one you got to learn how to pummel in . you drop a shoulder , you come in , and you get to your thai clinch position . opponent 's head down , he pummels in , it 's a good drill to practice no matter what martial art you do , okay . next , if he 's got my head and that 's not good , just need to get out of there . i 'm going to frame his neck , i 'm going to turn to the side really quickly and get out of this hold . i 'm going to push here , spin , right cross , left hook , right cross , low kick , get out of there . okay . one more time . he grabs . frame the neck , boom , get out of there . next , if that does n't work , you can do a little pop here , here down , pop up , and go in , you pop that elbow off of you . so here , boom , and last but not least if he 's got a very good tight neck clinch , he 's in tight . you ca n't pummel in , it 's too hard , you grab to the front elbow , go on the head , boom , and twist him off . show it one more time , grab a little bit more . here . bam , bam , bam , bam ! that 's how you get out of there .
4-DcAuFKkuE we 're still not done . we still have some more tools to look at . in order to adjust the intonation you 're going to need some allen wrenches . i brought a whole bunch of different allen wrenches because every guitar has got its own different size and so you do n't know which ones you 're going to have . best bet would be just to purchase a whole package of little tiny ones . the smaller ones are used for a adjusting the intonation on the saddles on the bridges and the larger ones like this may be used for adjusting the trust rod . other tools you 'll find handy is a needle nose pliers , i like to have a little brush like this in order to clean metal filings out of a , areas that do n't need to have metal filings floating around . and of course in order to do intonation and adjust pitch you 'll need a good chromatic tuner and the cable to plug it in to your guitar . for final steps you 'll find it very handy to have a pure cotton cloth , some sandpaper or some fine steel wool like this . this is a double zero size steel , steel wool for working on frets and very possibly some metal polish or fret polish . and if you 've got all those you should be set and get ready to be able to do a proper guitar setup .
EL0VlIW6TIs i 'd like to show you in the first position , here , on the second fret , on the a. i 'm going to play in the key of a. instead of playing it up on the fifth fret like i was doing , i 'm going to show you it down here playing a and d together and showing you some different fingerings you can use . so what we 're going to do , here , is play on a , second fret and , instead of up here on the fifth fret moving up , we 're going to stay on the second fret playing d and just playing those two notes , the g and the b strings . using the fourth fret on the g , there . basically , what i want to do here is go ( demo ) . broken down that 's simply playing on the fourth fret , and then on the g and the b strings , second and third string respectively , i 'm playing the same fingering and the same frets , except just on the g and b strings . essentially what i 'm doing here is ( demo ) . basically , what i 'm playing , there , is the first position , a and b and just keeping a simply rhythm .
COtYOOq-URk when making sends there 's a couple different views you have . the view that 's most -- that most people have is just the regular main view . so you have a bus eleven twelve here . this is the eighth , this is the eighth slot within the sends . now say i just want see all the -- like , for most of them i just have a slot within the first one . i have one for nine ten here , and eleven twelve here . what i can do is go to display , and go to my sends view , so i can send a. so what i can do is see a fader view of my send nine ten , and my bus eleven twelve , so i can actually adjust the fader , and it actually links up to the fader right here within my send . so if i go here , make sure i click it , it 's going to change . these fades are the same time , and this up -- it also has panning options as well , and a mute , and a pre . the pre basically lets it send it out . it depends -- the pre is basically letting , it 's basically assigning it to how it 's going to be exploited . whether it 's going to be before the pre-amp , or after . if it 's going to have the effects on it or not .
DlnOwZ3bxT0 on behalf of expert village i 'm christopher hemmer mr. dance pro in south florida and i 'm kelly anne of 56.dance we are going to present to you the east coast swing also known as triple swing . lindy hop bop etc . we are going to do alternating turns lady and the gentleman are both going to do underarm turns . so we are going to start with a triple turn basic and then the lady is going to do a underarm turn to the right a outside turn and the gentleman is also going to do a underarm turn to his left . triple step , triple step , rock step , she goes under so do i , back step and where facing each other .
F58TcSjDGlQ oh excuse me i was listening to zig zigler . those motivational tapes ? i love them . hi i 'm marvelous marvin professional dj . professionally trained i might add . i actually went to school for this . go figure . i 've been a radio dj for 30 years . been a mobile dj for 30 years . and we 're talking about requests . two kinds of requests . when you meet with a bride an groom they 're going to give you a list of songs that they want played at their wedding reception . try to limit the requests . the worst scenario is some guy shows up with a list he got from the computer about wedding songs that 's five hundred songs . but listen . you only get to play maybe 10 , 15 , 12 songs an hour at the most . so what you want to do is you want to get a list , try to limit the bride and groom to like 20 songs that you really want to have . including the first song that they dance to . and those songs you 're pretty much sure you 're going to play unless you think no one 's going to like this , but then , and during the wedding reception they 're going to be in a different world . unless they come up and specifically ask for a song that 's on that list you may not even play it and you might not even want to . the other requests are going to come from the people at the party . you take their requests and when they make the request , say , in the mood by glenn miller . no problem i 'm going to play that because you know people are going to dance to it . now if they want to hear something else that you know no one 's going to dance to , even if you have it , say i 'll look for it . if i have it , i 'll play it . just do n't tell them , no that song no one 's going to dance to it . they do n't want to hear that . and if it 's a song that you think people will dance to , people will like , get it , put it on as soon as possible . they 're impressed by that . if it turns out no one is dancing to it you can always fade it out and put on a song that people are going to dance to which you just find out by experience . the basic way you find out what songs people like is by doing parties . that 's the main thing that 's going to teach you . so two kinds of requests . the bride and groom , pay attention to those . guests at the party , pay attention to them or pretend to . and play the ones that work . but take requests or at least make it seem like you are because you 're a dj . i 'm a dj , too . i 'm marvelous marvin and take those requests .
b4udU85He8A hi i 'm james , with jnc home repair . today i 'm going to tell you how to buy a house with no money down . there 's a lot of programs out there available to buying a house . my experience with buying a house , i 'm actually was in this position when i bought my first house with no money down . i had a , it 's called a `` lease to option '' , an option lease agreement . and what it is , is we basically pay our rent or lease , we pay our monthly lease payment , and we pay a little bit extra per month , and what happens is is whenever it comes time to when you 're going to get the house switched over to your name and you 're going to get the financing from the bank , they 're going to take all that extra money that you 've paid for your monthly payment and they 're going to apply that towards the down payment . so you do n't have to really spend a whole lot of money out of pocket . there will be closing costs and stuff like that depending on what kind of down payment is required as far as who you 're getting it financed from , but that 's the easiest way to do it , because you really , you get used to paying your lease payment and you just think you 're paying rent or lease , but actually some of that money is getting applied towards your down payment and then whoever the owner is or whoever you 're buying the property from , usually they 'll take some of the money and match some of the money that you 're putting up and that will actually give you more money for your down payment . so when you actually go to get the stuff switched over it 's not such a big burden to come up with a whole lot of cash . that 's just one option , there 's a lot of different grants and stuff out there available to you , you just have to check your local regulations ad just local realtors wherever area you 're in .
EsFXvQSDGM8 clancy rose : so now that you know everything that you need for espresso preparation and i 've talked about with you all the steps that you go through to prepare the espresso shot , i 'm going to demonstrate and talk through it a little bit more with you . so , once again , you take the portafilter out of the machine . a lot of the times you want to wipe it , you 're going to take a clean dry towel and wipe the inside screen there to get like used grinds out of there and stuff . what i 'm about to do is turn on the machine , the grinds are going to start flowing into the dosing chamber and i 'm going to start pulling the lever over here on this side into the portafilter . let 's go ahead and fill that all the way up . what i like to do then is settle it a few times which is just this motion ; in that way , you can pack more in . one theory is that with every settle , with every tap of the portafilter that you do , you can fit another gram of coffee . the next thing that you do is level off the coffee in the portafilter and you can level it right back into the dosing chamber and then dump it later if you want . you want to level it off nice and flat and try to level it as evenly and distribute it as evenly throughout the screen as possible . that 's because if you have an area where coffee is n't distributed to as evenly , the water in the espresso machine is going to take that path of least resistance and it 's going to , in the end , affect the taste of your shot .
ebLvWzPZMx0 there is several kinds of potting soils that i use to plant these cuttings from our verbena . there is a premium grade which is all peat moss organic matter , this is important because of the moisture holding capacity and ability of the product to not only hold it but to absorb moisture . there is another kind of potting soil which has a lot of actual dirt in it , it has actual sand along with the organic matter . it 's a cheaper product but it does n't hold moisture and it does not hold moisture as well , also it 's heavier . that becomes important when you start talking about pot plants that you have in your home that you may want to move outside because of more sun or to take advantage of a rain or something like that . the heavier the plant is the less likely it would be to be moved out to get that kind of sun or even to be moved in to get protection from a freeze . so a light potting mixture like a premium grade it has no soil in it it 's probably a pretty good deal .
02yDi9BaDO8 this is called cut the corner . we 're going to be moving around the bench and kind of cutting off the corner of the bench so to speak . it involves what we call little box steps . to review a box step , the foot crosses over and we step back . step , cross over . we 're going to actually turn the body , so i 'm going to lead with the right foot to begin . step , here 's your cross over , and march 2 on the floor , which turns your body the other way . step , cross . you 've got to bend your knees for safety . i 'm also going to have your lift and swing that leg around so it add a little bit momentum to the movement . step , cut the corner , 7 , 8. with the other lead foot , left foot . step , so you just let that leg swing around . step , swing , march on the floor , step , swing . sometimes you 'll see this in a full cut the corner . we call it cut the corner twice , or you just might see it one time where it brings you to the back side of the bench and you can add another movement to it . one more time with the left lead . cut the corner . 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , so its 8 count move . you 'd have to add 3 more 8 count moves to make your combination into 32 counts .
5Rx31SrIQVM ok , let ? s talk about skating a little bit . skating is another thing that you can do when you 're snowboarding to practice before you get to a lesson , ok. now when you skate you just have a foot that pushes you along just like you 're skateboarding . ok , very , very similar . and then you put your back foot on the board , and you can slide back and forth like this . this is really good practice and remember what i was telling you about the fun box , do n't forget about that , alright ? so if i 'm going to skate this direction , i push , push , push , slide . very easily done . try it again . push , push , slide . it 's a really good thing to just practice when you 're out there getting ready for your class . it will help you get a lot more out of your class when you get into the class . push your foot along . push your board along . i 'm basically skating much like a skateboard . then i just put my back foot on there , and i just skate right along . very easily done .
cmk_9QofCdo o.k . so now we centered up our pot to be trimmed and the next thing we 're going to do is trim a foot onto it , and we 're going to use these tools here for that ; that i showed you earlier . and just a quick note if your clay feels a little dry you can always just give it some moisture like this ; o.k . so the first thing we 're going to do is trim the outside edge here and i like to use a tool like this which has a bunch of different surfaces , and i 'm going to use this surface here to simply trim in a rounded edge . it 's important to look before you start doing this at the bottom base of your bowl and feel how much clay you have left in there . i 've left a little over quarter inch so i know how much clay i want to take off . so now as you can see i 've created an outside edge and i can put a little detail in there at the other end ; something like that , as you can see this has created a nice edge for the bottom of my bowl . now i 'm going to move over to the top edge and i 'm going to draw my smaller tool across the top to take any unevenness out of the surface like so . now what we 're trying to do when we put a foot on the bottom of a pot is make it so that it 's not one whole flat surface . so there 's a nice foot so that if the bowl is sitting on an uneven surface it has a tendency to sit flat . so now what i 'm going to do is just cut out the inside edge being aware of how much clay i have underneath and now you can see this clay is ready to be trimmed because it 's not sticking to itself ; i can simply dust it off and here we go , smooth out this lip and as you can see what we have now is a nicely trimmed foot on this bowl . i 'm going to repeat the same process with this one and then i 'm going to show you a couple little tips on finishing up , and we 'll be doing that next .
dV73ENaljwM hi ! i 'm shannon neels from le reve day spa and we 're here today with expert village , and today i 'll be talking about organic products and we  ll be doing a facial . the next step of the facial once we have exfoliated and we 've also used steam . that helps to soften the skin and soften the impurities . we will begin by removing them . removing impurities is very important . something to be very careful with if you 're doing it at home . you always want to cleanse your skin first . preferably , if you can steam your skin to soften it , even better . then you want to place tissue on both of your forefingers and you want to get on either side or whatever impurity you see and you want to gently wiggle your fingers . you 're just moving all around the area . you do n't ever want to push very hard on the skin because your pore is like a little tube that goes down into your skin . if you push too hard , that tube ruptures and you 'll spread the bacteria .
B_ye00IgI4w alright in this clip we 're going to be drawing the kings robe . i would say for this one , go ahead and put away the old fine tip pen , and break out , if you have one , something a little bit thicker . i use the rectractable sharpie for these types of things . and we 're not going to draw anything too crazy , nothing flowing really . kind of come down , like so . we 'll make it , comes all the way to the ground like that , along this side , really sort of call attention to it , like right there . now if we want to , we can go in here and like create sort of a shadow , like between- create a really big difference , between the robe and the outer part of his clothes , we can do that if we wanted to . i wo n't go into too much detail there , you kind of see what the possibilities are , as far as that 's concerned . and what we 'll do actually , we 'll make this robe sort of coming out to the side like this . so , now we 'll get the other pen again , something a little less bold . we 'll come in here and add some details . now make that robe flow a bit . just add a few flowing lines . move over here , do the same and come up like this , some real little flowing lines , just like that , to really just add character to the robe , like that . that 's looking interesting . like that . okay , that robe is looking pretty good i think . so , we 've pretty much got the whole outfit done now for our king . and what we 'll do in the last and final step is kind of go over this from head to toe and add the details that help really sell the picture . so , if you 're all done with the robe , let 's go ahead and move on to the last little clip for the king .
2bBoqy9Bsvc on behalf of expert village , my name is george engle with mr. fix-it handyman here in miami , florida and today i am going to be showing you how to install weather stripping on the exterior of your garage door . okay so we are going to clean up our mess and make sure there are no nails around like i said before ; throw into garbage . now it comes to the new material . okay this is the weather stripping we are going to be putting up . notice that this is different . it is some sort of composite material but it also has this little rubber flap . this is what is going to make the seal against the garage door . it is going to make it pretty much no light comes in , no bugs come in . this is going to seat the door against your frame of the garage . so this is going to e our material . we are going to have to take a measurement and make a cut and we will be right back to show you that .
3var_RH4SXQ this is greg hanson again . i 'm here talking about various aspects of the music industry . my website is greg-hansen.com . the question we have today is how do i get my music heard ? well this is a classic independent music independent artist question . there are five things basically to getting your music out there and getting it heard . in a nutshell there 's print , there 's the internet , there 's radio , and there 's retail and there 's performing . print of course is getting press kits out there , getting your stuff reviewed . the internet is , as you know , a good solid e-mail list , all kinds of the music download sites that are available , getting your stuff on as many of those as you can . radio play is still a good staple for getting your stuff heard . by sending stuff to radio stations , you may be able to get it on some of the right ones with the right audience . retail is getting it in the stores , and performing is the back bone of getting your music heard . so get out there and do everything you can in those five areas and you 'll be successful .
C5yGb6QMQ8U now you notice that i 've opened up the merchandise suitcase , and , i 'm about to show you how everything is arranged in here . it 's important that you keep your merchandise suitcase as organized as possible . one , so that you can find things , and number two , so that when your merchandise does arrive , it 's not all crapped out , and wrinkly , and all sorts of stuff like that , because better looking merchandise sells more , let 's face it . okay ? so you see i 've got my table cloth here . these are all my demo and display shirts that i have , and i keep them in a place where they stay relatively nice and folded up in here . i 've got my extra backup tablecloth . extra shirts that i do n't sell all the time . this is where i keep a box of cds so that i always have cds on me available at any time . there 's usually 5 of each in this box . if we go over here to this other side , notice the wonderful tabs on here that keeps this locked in place . this helps things from spilling out when you first open your suitcase , because as you can see , they get a little bit rearranged in here no matter how neat you try to make them . i try to keep my shirts together . as , you either arrange them by size , or arrange them by tee shirt . that way i can find stuff very easily . a lot of times i 'll arrange it from small through to medium , and then over here have the larges and extra larges . this time , i actually have them arranged according to tee shirt . and you can see that i have different product types here , so that you can find each different one whenever you need to .
3OraWZwQiAc hi , i 'm bill with zoar outdoor on behalf of expertvillage.com . we 're here today at chapel ledges in ashfield , massachusetts , trustees of the reservations property and in this series i 'm going to be talking about preparing to climb . belay commands are the communication between the climber and the belayer . they can be formal or they can be informal , but the communication needs to be clear and you do n't want to make a mistake . so , at the base of the cliff in a top rope situation , in a social belay situation we 're going to be standing next to each other and that 's going to make it real easy . first steps is the climber asking if he or she is on belay , so in order to know if they 're on belay i need to look at a bunch of things . i need to check the climber 's knot , the climber 's harness , is the climber wearing a helmet or climbing shoes . whatever they 've got on is working i need to look at myself . i 've got on a harness , buckled correctly , i 've got the belay device set up correctly and my carabiners locked and all the slack is out of the rope . so at that point i can say belay is on ! then , we 're going to double check just to make sure we did n't have any confusion there . the climber is going to tell me they 're ready to climb . ready to climb ! and just to make sure i 'll say , climb away . so that 's the basic beginning , from there on once the climber 's on the cliff they might need some adjustments on the rope and this can get confusion because we 're going to be at a distance . so there are two words about moving the rope ; one is slack which means make the rope looser please . the other is rope or up rope which means make the rope tighter . but saying bring in the rope , take out the rope , from a distance it might sound the same , so rope and slack sound different and they 're much less confusing . other commands you might hear at the top of the cliff or somewhere where the climber wants to take a rest , you might hear them say take . take means i want to lean back on the rope on way or another , so take out the slack so that i 'm not going to take 6 steps backwards after i lean back . pretty simple to do , take in the rope and there you are . so other than that whatever you might work out with your climbing partner will be okay as long as it 's clear and you both understand it . you might hear other commands at a cliff or you might hear people who do n't use those traditional formalize commands and you 'll probably get to that point at some point as well , but starting out it 's good to know the standard on belay , belay on , ready to climb , climb away , you look like you know what you 're doing and you can climb with anybody that way .
cMiRzrlnUCc okay , so we are working on our infant easter basket here . and we went ahead and put in our bible and our blanket . these are going to be sort of our center pieces . so we are going to want something to balance out this side because as you can see , these are both kind of bigger objects . so we want something that has the same scale on this side so that our basket looks nice and even and balanced . so , i think a good thing to put there are going to be these little t-shirts . and these are custom made . they were actually just bought the t-shirts , just plain white shirts and then went a head and embellished them . this one i did a an iron on transfer that says bambino , which is baby in italian . and then for this one over here , i actually created a little appliqu ? of some heart fabric . these are very cute . they were easy to make so i recommend giving it a try if you are up for it . and they are going to make , they are going to add a nice little touch to the basket . so , just go ahead and fold them nice and neat . and then you can just play around with the placement . but i think , i think this is going to create a nice sense of balance for the basket . and that way you do n't have one side , its not lopsided this way . so you can find something else if you do n't want to custom make a shirt . you can just go ahead and just buy a little shirt or a little hat , anything like that to go ahead and fit in there . so now we have , i think , the anchors for our basket . and i will see you at the next clip and i 'll show you how to fill everything in .
CgS_uvfSXss to do our next step , we need to treat our wool very gently at first . the only thing that 's holding this together is a little bit of friction , and static basically , so i 'm going to add some soap . the soap acts as a lubricant , and a wetting agent . when you get all those suds in there it will help the wool be nice and wet , and the individual wool fibers will swell up . the fibers have little scales on the surface of each individual wool fiber . when the fiber swells , those scales open up , and in addition to the mechanical tangling of the fibers , those scales will lock into the scales on adjacent wool fibers , and that 's what makes the felt form , and be really tight so that you ca n't get it apart . i 'm going to add my hot water , and i have to squish it to get it to be wet enough . all i 'm really doing here is just pressing with the ends of my fingers , and trying to get it wet all the way through , and doing that without totally disarranging everything i 've done . at this point , you can flip it over , and squeeze and pinch , and i 'm just going to have to keep pinching like this for about five or ten minutes ; depending on how much wool i have in here . this process will actually start forming the felt , and you want to make sure that your linen cord does n't work its way out of your felt donut at this point . keep an eye on that , and keep squishing all the way around , flip it over and squish . keep doing that for a while , and then we 'll go on to our next step .
1cZMGr3-y6A i am going to now show you about the stroller and some key components to it so that if you were to buy one , you would get the most for your money and for your intentions . this is a jogging stroller because it 's has three wheels and the wheels are large and for altering activities such as the sand , dirt paths but also the cement . they have newer ones that have a swivel front wheel which is nice when you are taking the stroller maybe to the mall or shopping or to the grocery store but most of them the wheel is straight and you will want to have it be locked in if you were running with the stroller . this stroller is great for the beach because the wheels are plastic instead of metal spoke and so you do n't have to worry about them getting rested because if you are spending money on a stroller , you want it to last not just for one kid but probably at least two kids . this specific stroller runs about two hundred and fifty to three hundred dollars and if you want to buy a jogging stroller , i would plan to spend at least a hundred and fifty . two other components that are important on the jogging stroller is the sun shade so that your little one is covered from the elements . some of these have very small sun shades and in that case you end up clipping a blanket to the top of it which is difficult because sometimes that falls off and then if you cover it completely with the blanket then the baby ca n't see all the wonderful places you 're taking them . the sun shade is great . also , for when it is the sun is not in their face it can fold up all the way . lastly , base on your height and your spouse 's height , you want to make sure you buy a stroller that fits your body and so you want to have the handle that hits around bright your waist . if something too high , it going to put pressure on your shoulders and it 's going to make you really tight . if it 's something to low , you 're going to have lower back pain and if you 're planning to use this a few times a week for one to three miles , so you would want it to fit your body .
dKo__K-kvsg hi i 'm kelli , i 'm an aesthetician and makeup artist at ulta salon and cosmetics and i 'm going to give you some tips on how you can apply a sunless tanning lotion . one of the the first things that you want to make sure you do is exfoliate . use a really good body and or facial exfoliant . especially pay special attention to knees , elbows and around the feet . those are places where a tanner will definitely stick and grab and discolor if you do n't exfoliate . you never want to put a self tanner on over an unexfoliated skin . you 're basically just asking for disaster because it 's going to grab to any dead skin flakes or scaliness that you have and it 's going to look completely discolored and it 's not going to give you the result that you want . so when you 're applying your tanner , you 're going to take a small amount and when you apply it , you want to rub it first in a vertical direction and then in a horizontal direction and you want to just keep doing that until it 's completely rubbed in . and that 's going to make sure that you cover every area and you do n't leave any streaking . i also like to use a self tanner that you can see when you put it on because that way you know where you 're putting it and it 's going to minimize streaking and blotchiness . so those are some tips you can use to apply a self tanner .
4PcJDxsJ4EI hi this is yolonda vanveen from vanveenbulbs.com and now we are going to learn about how to plant lily-of-the-valley bulbs which is pretty easy . so lily-of-the-valley are just a set of roots and they have little pips so it is really all about the pips that is going to make it grow . so on each side where there was a stem last year if you peel it away you 'll see that there is a really little pip and that is what is going to make the growth for next year so that i need to plant about three inches deep in a shady spot but not too much shade . if there is weeds growing or ferns or hostas growing , lily-of-the-valley will grow . if you have got nothing in that area because you never water it or it is just too deep a shade or it is full of moss then you are not going to get lily-of-the-valley to grow either . they 'll grow in a container or the ground really easily . they are such a tough plant but you never let them dry out . you can plant them any time of the year just keep that ground moist . so i have got my nice little shade garden area and it is actually , i am creating a moon garden as well so i 'm trying to get all white flowers , shade flowers in here so lily-of-the-valley is going to be just perfect . so when i plant it i am going to dig and kind of loosen up the dirt around it so that it is not just , it is a hard dirt and you want to make sure it is kind of broken up and i want to plant them about three inches deep so i 'm going to dig down a little ways . it does n't have to be real deep and then i 'm kind of just , it does n't have to be exact . i 'm just kind of placing them underneath and there is not really an up or down because i have noticed they 'll work their way up from any direction but once i have a good wad of roots too . i have found that one by itself takes a lot of years to really get going but three or five or more and they 'll do really well quicker so then just kind of spread it back underneath . i 'm not taking a measuring stick i do n't know exactly that it is three inches deep . i 'm just setting them in there , another trick is just step them in there just because i have noticed some time they 'll pull back easier if i do n't step them down and the ground is pretty wet so i really do n't need to water right now . i watered well yesterday . i 'll just water them the next time i water this area and they 'll get right on schedule . i do n't think i 'll see anything from them until april of next year . they 'll come out and bloom in may and june . so even though i have planted them in the fall or late summer , i 'm not going to see them until late spring . but that 's o'kay with me . i know they 're there and they 're going to keep multiplying while i wait .
ccWKRY5XGHA so now that you 've got your handle braided you want to go ahead and smooth it out and prepare it for going on the batter bowl and like i said you want to take just a moist sponge . you do n't want a lot of water in there just moist enough to glide over the edges and smooth out what ever cracks might have shown up as you were braiding and then what i do is i push the braid together . to make it really tight . now it 's going to be going on the bowl like this . so what i like to do is go ahead and prepare that edge . so that when i go to attach it it is a little bit easier and i do n't have to do as much work or push on the braid as much and i just tap in against the canvas here . so that , that edge gets flat and a little bit fatter so that it will be a good place to score and slip this handle on and now once i have got it in the shape that i want and i have got that edge nice and flat . i will set this handle aside and let it set up . so that i can attach it to the batter bowl later on .
C-MiBVrkHSY now , if you want to make a quick dough , like this egg bread that i told you about , or these french rolls , this yeast would work because the quick rising yeast would work because you 're not looking for that authentic flavor , you 're not looking for that taste of the bread , that you 're searching for , that everybody is searching for . that tastes is not needed because it has shortening in it , it has sugar in it , it has other ingredients in it , that compliment the bread . for bread that only has flour , salt , yeast and water , that perfect taste , comes through with letting the bread sit for a long time . for example , that sourdough bread , you make it sour , you 'd refrigerate it twice a day and we let that sour , sit all night long , with no yeast in it . that sour , gets activity and makes the bread rise , every bit and that sourdough bread , setting out that bread , is what makes the bread taste that much better . as a matter of fact , for our sourdough bread , which i 'm going to make some for you right now , i had to travel to capicola , near san francisco . i had to rent a table , from a baker and i took some cumin , a little bit of milk and a little bit of flour , like this much . i made a little ball , i let it sit , then i came back two hours later and made it a little bigger . enough dough the size of a golf ball , maybe a little bit bigger than a golf ball . every two hours , i added a little bit of flour . what i was trying to do , i was trying to stew the yeast , out of the air , in san francisco area , put it in my dough and i was trying to take some of the yeast , that is in the cracks of the table and in the grains and groves , of this table , get that into my dough , to get that taste of san francisco , in my dough . it took me four nights and five days to get enough yeast in my two sample dough 's . so i got into the airplane and i told my stuartist i said `` it 's taken me one week to create these two little balls , take care of them for me . it has to be refrigerated , otherwise it will rise and it will die , and i wo n't have any sour . '' she put it in her refrigerator , i got to l.a. and she gave it to me . one ball was nicely done and the other one was frozen . it got killed . so i lost one but i had one . that goes back twenty-two years ago and we still have the same sour . that 's why , if you taste our sourdough , it has that flavor of san francisco . of course it 's been a little bit contaminated , with the yeast in the air in los angeles , so every so often i have to go to san francisco and bring more of that flavor back into my store . that 's why they say the yeast , that is in the air of san francisco , due to the extreme moisture and the cold weather that 's there , has a total distinct flavor , that you will not get in the l.a. area . that 's why they talk about san francisco sour all this and that .
EKRx5-8K4gc hello , my name is adrian arceo and now we 're going to get into a little bit of scouting . now , one of the main jobs a first or third base coach has to do before , during and after the game is scouting . now , three of the main things a first or third base coach has to consider are the field , the other teams capabilities and the weather on that day . for one thing you have to consider the field itself , for example : is it a big ballpark , a little ballpark , all these things are going to play into your decision as to whether or not to send your runner . now , for ballparks , one of the things you want to consider is actually the cut of the grass . if you have high grass , tall grass , the balls going to die out a lot more , so you may want to hold your runners up . also , the amount of foul territory is important . another thing you have to scout , is actually the arms of the other players . as a first or third base coach your main responsibility is to help your guy advance to the next base . so , the one thing you want to pay particular attention to , is who has the strongest arm in the outfield , infield and if the catcher has a good arm also ; because that 's really pretty much going to make or break your decision whether to send your guy to the next base or to hold him here . another thing you also have to consider is basically the weather and the atmosphere . for one thing , the wind is very important as it can blow from right to left , left to right and cause balls to curve and swerve and may actually lead to extra bases . the next thing is actually the position of the sun , is the sun going to be in somebody 's eyes , do you see a lot of guys hesitating before they catch balls in the outfield . all this stuff can lead to errors and you have to make sure that your runner knows , that he can head on to the next base . and these are some of the key things to consider when coaching first or third base .
dplKrmYc--4 so , it 's important to remember in bar dice that when you pass the dice after your turn your opponent has up to two rolls . so , if you only use one , they have the right to use two . this is different from poker dice wherein your opponent is restricted to the same number of rolls that you employ . so , let 's say that you get twos and threes , this right here twos and threes , on your first roll . you say ha-ha i 'm going to put pressure on reg . well , let 's say that i roll fours . ok. so you only used one roll , but due to the rules of this game i get to use two , so i have a second roll to attempt to beat you . i got a pair of threes . fours and threes is better than threes and twos . so , when you calculate whether you want to stop after one you need to consider that unlike poker dice you 're not restricting your opponent to the same number of rolls as yourself .
c5_nMuvZcfo hi , i am jason with expertvillage.com . today we have started the rock charm for a necklace and we have done the cutting the major cutting we are ready for polish we have done all the edges and we are ready for drilling and everything . but before we do any of that i am going to go over the bits just a little bit . the bits for rock , well for any carving the lower the number the higher , the sharper the tool is so this would be two twenty that is one of the things that we want to use first . two hundred and twenty grits on that sand paper , then we have got six hundred grit which is the next one . the we have eight hundred grit which is there and then we have twelve hundred which is the last for the polish . and when you buy these you need to make sure you get either diamond or silica carbide anything else will just blow up on rock . no matter how cool you try to keep it so when you go out to look for you bits and they are about three dollars a piece . they are about twice as much for silica carbide or diamond but it wo n't work if you do n't get them . and the other thing that you want to do before you actually start with you bits is that you want to make sure that you have plenty of sand on them , sandpaper on them . this one looks like it is starting to wear just a little bit you can see the pink down in here that is actually the paper but there is still plenty on it for the most part so we should be able to use this one . this one is fairly worn but it will actually work better . the higher the grit when it goes on the rock will actually make new scratches where this one is worn down . it still cuts still polishes without making new scratches . i will talk about each one just a little bit as we go before we start but we 'll start with the two twenty .
D-FFo6Mm4tc lets go over the pots and utensils that we 're going to need today . we 're going to need a small pot and we 're going to make vegetable stock in this . after we stir that up and break it up , we 're then going to be adding that to this pot here with our rice . we 're going to toast our rice , we 're going to cook it , then we 're going to take it off and we 're going to cool it and we 're going to cool it on this baking sheet right here . then when that is done , when that 's cool enough to touch , we 're going to go ahead and saute our ginger and our scallions and we 're going to re-add our rice and then we 're going to add our cooking liquid with it and use this top to bring it down , to reduce it . we 're going to be using this pot right here , this is where we 're going to trim our asparagus and boil them in salted water . then , when it 's done , we 're going to take our asparagus out and we 're going to put butter , lemon juice and nutmeg in here to make butter to pour it over . we 're going to be sauteing our chicken in a frying pan but before we fry it , we 're going to make a marinade and we 're only going to let that sit for about fifteen minutes and we 're going to put it right in here . we have this strainer here because after our asparagus is done cooking , we 're going to cut our lemon and squeeze it right here into our butter and nutmeg . we 're doing that so we do n't catch the seeds so we 'll only get the juice in here . we have two of these small containers , one 's going to be for the seasoning liquid for our rice and the other one is going to be our cooking liquid for our chicken . we 're going to need measuring spoons , measuring cups , a knife to cut our veggies , a spoon to move our ingredients around , a cutting board , and because we 're dealing with chicken , we 're going to be using a plastic glove .
CG54UZjruzk let 's talk about some home remedies to get rid of fleas and how to use them . there are n't a great deal of home remedies that work for fleas , fleas are really resistant . so , some of the things that you can do at home to help out would be , number one , is vacuum , and vacuum a lot . fleas love to get inside of carpets and dig down deep , and it 's very difficult sometimes without vacuuming to get rid of an infestation . so , a simple home remedy is vacuuming . the second thing is going to be getting rid of anything that fleas can bed in , such as bedding , towels , things like that , that are folded up , or where animals like to lay . and , washing that type of bedding quite often is also another good way to get rid of fleas . a controversial home remedy would be brewer 's yeast on the food , especially for dogs . that seems to work in some cases , does n't seem in others . we do not recommend using garlic which is a frequent thing that you might see on the internet , as far as home remedies for , for fleas . you know , basically , there is another thing that you could potentially use , which is skin so soft , which is a type of shampoo that is placed on dogs primarily , and some people think , seem to think that , that basically will prevent fleas from jumping on , or at least attaching on . but , again it 's not very well proven . so , the basic things are going to be revolving around home care , you know , vacuuming , getting rid of bedding , any place that fleas are going to want to live . and , then using products on your pet which we 'll talk about to try to kill those fleas off .
c_PLDhzwJD8 on the neckline in the front , is represented here by a solid line and the back neckline will be the dotted line . and , that 's how all the pictures are going to be . that way , i do n't have to say it every time . and , in the tends to sweep . and , this is just a basic neckline . nothing fancy . it tends to sweep in arc much like a smile . and , in the back it swoops up in the opposite direction like the frown . you 're never going to forget the smiles and the frowns , are you ? as the neckline sits on top of the back neck . back of the shoulders , sorry . if you 're designing a garment with a low cut neckline , naturally the arc is going to vary . and , i 'll show you some different styles of necklines later . but , right now this is most basic . you got to know that the neckline is here . this is your building point . and from here on out you can do variations in your necklines . and naturally the front and back are going to be different .
C4aGeNTT30E hi , my name is mitra chester and i 'm in deluxe resale boutique in eugene , oregon , and i 'm going to talk to you today about how to dress up jeans . jeans are fantastic because they can be worn very casually , comfortably , but they can also be dressed up for evening wear or for kind of more dressy events . so this example of what i 'm wearing right now is fairly casual , i have a cuff , these are skinny jeans but it pretty much goes for all jeans . i have , this is a pretty casual belt just through the belt loops with a belt buckle and a t-shirt . so i 'm going to show you how we can take this basic exact pair of jeans , pair it with some other things , and successfully pull it off for a dressier event . one thing , base thing you want to think about is usually darker jeans are considered more dressy . it 's a little bit harder to pull off a dressy look with lighter jeans , although i 'm not saying it 's not possible . and also cuffs are fairly casual , so the first thing you probably want to do is un-cuff your pants . so i 'm going to go change into some other things that exhibit how you can dress up a pair of jeans exactly like this . so as you can see , i have put the pair of jeans on that i had previously with some other things in order to dress them up . so we 'll start with the feet , and the first thing i did was un-cuff my jeans and i paired them with either a dressy heel or a dressy boot to make them more appropriate for an evening wear . you can also wear a dressy flat , but basically you want to take off the sneakers . then of course there 's the top . i chose a laced kind of based top because it is a little more overly dressy . you can also do maybe a dressy tank for the summer , or even a combination of a dressy blouse and tank , but pair it with something nice , maybe a cowl neck like backless or something in order to dress it up for the evening . the other thing we can utilize is accessories and jewelry , so i 've paired this with a waist belt , you could also do a dressier hip belt but take off the like through the belt loops with the big belt buckle belt , that 's a little more casual . and then i have some dressier earrings and a necklace so the jewelry can also work , and of course anything you want to do to your persona in order to dress you up . if you feel confident in what you 're wearing and you feel like it 's appropriate for an occasion , you can pretty much pull it off ! so good luck dressing up your jeans this summer !
_7TlRV0rj74 the last thing that you need to look at when you 're developing a character is what we call polar attitudes . and the polar attitudes of a character is basically , where did they start the play , and where do they finish the play ? and , you want to do this last , because you want to take a look at the all these elements , all these things that we 've talked about , establish who this character is . they 're sad , they 're angry , they 're lonely . how do they end the play ? are they sad , and angry , and lonely ? then they have not had a change . they have no polar attitude . about half your characters will have a change ; therefore , their polar attitudes will change . they started the play , or the movie , broken and downhearted , and without anything , on their last leg , and they end up rich , or getting the girl , or getting the job that they want . it 's a happy ending kind of thing . so you have to take a look at those polar attitudes , so you can determine how you 're going to play the character all the way through . the character will have an arc . they go to a certain point , and then they come to that ending . some will change , some will not , but it 's just like knowing the ending of a book , or the ending of a script , or the ending of a speech , you have to know where it is you 're trying to get .
bBHYQCDp_9A when you 're running a press , the defense is running a press , one thing that you want to learn how to do , is break that press . hi , i 'm travis and i 'm about to teach you exactly how you can do that , when you 're on the basketball court . number one , when there is a press , a defensive press , what you want to make sure you do is , when you have the guy in , the person inbound the ball , you want to make sure that they have options . somewhere back here so that when they get in trouble , cause you do n't want them out of bounds for five seconds , when they get in trouble , they can find someone to pass it to . usually , it 'll be , you 'll have two guards , you 'll have your point guard , and your shooting guard back here . and , what they 'll do for each other , is they 'll set screens , and when he or she smacks the ball , you 'll have them split , to try to get open , once the ball is inbound and they get the ball , then that point guard or that shooting guard will take control of the game , and look for their options . now , the two guards are back here , you 'll have , you may have the center all the way back or you may have the center somewhere closer to the top of the key , on the opposite top of the key . but , you also want to have your forwards around half court , so that they have , so that your guards have options , if they get in trouble . now , you want to make sure that you pass the half court line within , within the time frame , the ten second time frame , but you want to also make sure that everybody is constantly moving cause you 're breaking that press , there 's pressure , there 's going to be pressure that gets you , that 's what the press is . so , you want to have your offensive players down the court constantly moving , and constantly setting screens for each other , so they can get open . once , that is the key to breaking the press . the press , once a guard has the ball , in the middle of the court , the press is pretty much broken , then the , then the thing is finding someone to pass it to , and getting it down court . so , try your best to get that person , whoever is going to have the ball , after it 's inbound to get into the middle of the court , so that they have options on the right , and on their left . once that happens , there you have it , breaking the press .
1grCpozDpWs drew noah : so , pretty much , i covered the entire itunes store , just a couple more things i wanted to mention . some places i did n't go into is ipod games , just pretty self-explanatory , these are games you can download for your ipod and we 'll just click on one , see that 's $ 4.99 . you can preview it . so , if you like games on your ipod , that 's something you can do . another section that i did n't cover is the itunes latino and this is just a latin music section . it 's in spanish for the most part . but one last thing -- and i mentioned this before but i never really showed you how it worked is the search . and i mean , you can browse in this different section , movies , tv shows , music videos . there 's one other place i did n't mention , it 's music videos actually . very self-explanatory . you can browse in these places but probably if you know what you 're looking for , just go ahead and search it . do n't even worry about trying to find it . so , even if you do n't know everything you 're looking for like , maybe i 'm looking for a tv show called `` veronica mars '' . so , when i search , i 'm going to get results in every category . so , you 've got results from 'artists ' , results from 'albums ' , results from 'tv seasons ' and that is actually what i 'm looking for , results from 'itunes essentials ' , results from 'movies ' , 'audiobooks ' and 'podcasts ' . so , you can see that even though -- i did n't necessarily have to go to the tv show to find this real quickly , it 's just right there and i can see maybe some other stuff i 'm looking for like a soundtrack but this will take me straight to the tv section and that 's exactly what i 'm looking for . so , just be mindful of that and using the search . if i go to the tv shows and then search , you can see it 's going to come up the exact same way . so , that 's what i mean . it 's not even really necessary to go somewhere and then search there . so , that is pretty much the itunes store and they 've got a lot of great things on there . one thing -- in conclusion , i would say just to remember is that except for itunes plus , everything you 're buying has drm ( digital rights management ) on it which puts certain restrictions on it . and movies and tv shows are only available in your itunes and on your ipod after you buy them . but that in a nutshell is the itunes store .
FaTbGDrP9NI in this clip , we 're going to talk about black tea , the most commonly consumed tea in the world . black tea you find that in your iced teas at restaurants . it 's what you find typically in the grocery store tea aisle . and it 's the most commonly consumed tea across the planet . black tea is characterized by its dark color . it also is produced that way because it is a fully oxidized tea . consequently , we steep black teas with boiling water , and we 're going to steep them for three to five minutes . the black teas are - produce a much darker cut and a richer flavor than you 'll find with the green teas and oolong teas . so black teas came into being when the british east indies company and the dutch east indies company were trying to get tea out of china and into europe . they found that the green teas tended to spoil during the long voyage . so one of the ways around that was to oxidize the tea which took out almost all of the moisture , leaving about three percent in the tea . this resulted in a product that was easy to transport and still very tasty once it got back to the mainland of europe . so that 's why traditionally today in europe , most people drink black tea . black tea is most commonly produced in india and sri lanka . sri lanka exports more black tea than any other country in the world and it goes primarily into the middle east and into russia . the indians drink a lot of black tea and they produce a lot of black tea . but they do n't export as much because they like to drink it as well . it 's been said that if the indians each drank one extra cup of black tea a day , they would become a net importer of teas over time . now , let 's go ahead and taste this tea , it looks like it 's ready . i 'm going to pour it out . you 'll see , right from the start , you 'll see that is a very dark red cup . the chinese actually even call black tea red tea because they think the color is more reddish than black . this is what most people know in the united states as tea . when we do classes on tea , this is what people say , oh finally , we 're getting to the tea tea . so here it is let 's taste it . it 's got nice , strong notes . very tannic taste , it 's got a good mouth feel to it , it 's something that kind of lingers in your mouth for a long period of time due to the essential oils . it 's really what people think of when they think of tea .
a8c8-hYD_QU alright , how is my hair ? is everything cool , looking pretty good ? we 're going to go on now , we 're going to do our little cheat . get some more beats , just by simply changing the snare to the cross stick . again , the same thing goes . you have the beat against the head . you are going to have the butt of the stick hitting the rim . you have your palm kind of muting , it 's relaxed , but it 's muting the skin here . it sounds like this . the first one we are going to do is quarter notes with the cross stick . we 're going to do one and three on the kicks , so you have one , two , three , four lining up with your left hand and your right hand . we have eighth notes on the high hat , so we have lining up between the two hands , we have one and two and three and four and are lining up . finally , with the kick and the high hat , the line up is one and two and three and four and . that 's where they 're both going to be kicking . so let 's hear what that sounds like .
_60NbN6PyzU hi ! i  m lachland clarke on behalf of expert village , i would like to invite you to visit our website at www.teamclarke.org . this is a booty horn , just like a shoe horn for helping you put on booties . you going to put booties on the dogs today ? we  ve got some dogs that are a little sore footed from last run and depends on the snow conditions . when you race , do you usually have booties on the iditarod . we booty all the dogs all the time pretty much . it  s preventative more than anything . i like to stand facing backwards on the dog . i load the bootie on like this , slide it on ; see how it is nice just like a shoe horn . you keep in mind i  m not very fast but i  ve gotten pretty fast . i mean i don  t know how many thousand times i do this but a 128 times at a check point . 128 booties . do you have to take them on and off at that point ? yeah . because this is stretch velcro . it would be too hard on their tendons and these booties get snow balls and frozen stuff so you change them .
1GlHmFJA0LQ jennifer crow : hi , this is jennifer and i 'm the owner of wedgiewear.com , and we 're here with expert village . now , we have the finished product , the triangle top that we started off with and then the bottom . what 's neat about the bottom is that it does have this band here that goes all the way around . the band is just a little bit something that 's different , and it also helps your suit stay on as well . here , we did no jewelry on the piece , but you could put on maybe a ring or something dangling from either side that you like , and also from the top if you wanted something extra as well . so this is the finished product that we have . you saw us make it . you saw us with the -- first , making the design of the suit , making the pattern , picking out your fabric , and then starting to sew it . and with this suit , we did decide to do the elastic . elastic just kind of brings the suit a little bit more closer to the body . it gives it a better fit , but this is optional , but it does look well on her body in this suit . also another thing to keep in mind , the padding in the top and the lining is completely optional as well , but it does give your suit more of a fitting and a longer-lasting , especially if you have the lining in it , it does give your suit longer wear to it , and if you accidentally do machine wash , it will be probably fine . so there 's a couple of things in this suit that you can change . there 's a couple of things you can make . the band may be wider ; also on the top , you can trim it in different colors ; maybe the pink would look really great in this suit as well . so once you get your pattern , you can always tweak it after your final product as well . all you have to do is you 're just going to take out something you do n't like and put something into the suit , so it 's up to you . in conclusion , you 've seen us start from scratch , from building a pattern and making a pattern into the finished product . what might be a good idea is you to go out to the store and buy some fabric , maybe is not very expensive . just buy the cheapest you can do to practice . that 's the key here . to make a good suit , you 're going to need to practice . so if you do buy just the cheaper material , practice into it , and then once you figure out , `` okay , well , i need to alter it this way , '' you can go back to your pattern and alter it . so there are steps like that that you can do to make a good suit . you 've seen it and then you can do it . it 's very simple . it 's very fun doing it , and all you have to do is just the follow the steps to it . and then once you have figured out your perfect pattern and everything , you can go out to the store , buy the fabric that you want and make it into something wonderful .
311vOSvEfJ4 all right . this shot , the slap shot , is something maybe not for the kids yet . you want to learn your wrist shot and snap shot and your backhand first . then you can kind of develop the slap shot when you get older or get a little bit stronger . but if you 're just starting out , older , and you want to learn how to take a slap shot , maybe i can help you out here . basically , you 're going to do the same as the wrist shot and snap shot , planting your feet and bending at your knees . keep the ball right in the middle . all you 're going to do is you 're going to pull back , transferring all your weight into your back leg , and then you 're going to follow through and direct it . you follow through with the stick and point to exactly where you want to shoot it at . and that 's your typical slap shot . it does n't have to be the most powerful thing , but a lot of defensemen use it .
C7IMvM4BwI8 yeah larry , we could do that for you my man , but if you do n't mind ; right now i need to call new zealand , later . hi everyone . my name is russ handler . hope you 're havin ' a great day . so , you want to make an international phone call ? did you know that there 's actually four separate numbers that you need to dial before you can successfully get out of the united states , into another country ? let 's say you want to call new zealand . well , pretty simple . first thing you do is 011. that is the code to tell your local carrier that you 're trying to make your way out of the country to either a satellite or a submarine cable . then 64 in this case for new zealand is the country code . there 's then a city code , and then a number follows that , so a lot to keep in mind . let 's dial new zealand . zero -one-one gets you out of our country , and then of course you 've got your city , or your country code which is 64. let 's say you want to dial aukland . that city code will be 9 , then the number 555-8974. it 's that simple . that 's the way you dial new zealand . and keep in mind , they have an excellent satellite and local infrastructure for communication , so you should not have too many problems getting a-hold of your friends in new zealand . i 'm russ handler . have a great day . if you do n't mind , i need to make a phone call .
4OcM-q-XmBQ alright , let 's rotate an image in playback mode . the first thing that you 're going to want to do with your camera is press the menu button . when you press that menu button on the top left side of your body , you will have the option to scroll through these menus again with your main control dial and then you can go ahead and select the playback menu , it 's highlighted in blue and it 's got one single dot on the top right corner of the square and i 'm going to scroll through here to put my blue rectangle over the word rotate and then by pressing set , i will activate this rotate function . now i 'm in the playback mode and i can zoom in and out to index view or single shot view . what i 'm going to do is select this image of a house in index view and then press the zoom in mode here . now i 've got my image selected and i want to rotate it around . let 's say that i want to rotate it ninety degrees . i can press set and the image will be rotated ninety degrees clockwise . if i press set again , it 's rotated another hundred and eighty degrees clockwise , and then if i press set one more time it brings the image back to it 's original position in the image playback . and the reason for that one hundred and eighty degree flip flop instead of another ninety degree turn , is that most of the time you 're only going to be taking vertical and horizontal images and there 's probably not too much of a need to flip it all the way around upside down . so those are your options . as long as you 're still in playback mode you can keep flipping your images . you can also zoom out and select another image , and you can rotate that image even while you 're in index mode . you can zoom in and continue to rotate that image . you can also zoom in further on that image past the full screen view and continue to rotate that image . of course , it will default back to full screen view if you are zoomed in on that image . so use this function to get the accurate perspective on shots that you may have taken at a hundred and eighty or ninety degree flip .
bTToyc_rcyM amanda claire : so , the concept behind screen printing is that what you use is a structure called a screen . and really , what a screen is , is it 's fabric . sometimes a fabric like this , this is the one where going to use . in silkscreening , which is also a screen printing , they can use silk , or nylon or any types of fabric . but a fabric like this has a lot holes in it . i mean you can , you know , you probably ca n't see any through it , but it 's kind of a fine fabric with a lot of holes in it . and the way that screen printing works is you get an image onto the fabric such that the part of the image that you do n't want to apply color , or you know paint or whatever , ink or whatever it is , you cover the fabric with something that prevents , you know , ink from going through it and then -- so now , you would have an image on your fabric and then what you do is you then apply ink over it , or paint or whatever you 're going to use and you force it through the remaining holes in the screen in the fabric and that prints your image . so , think of it as kinda like doing a stencil i guess , but the stencil is made up of all the little teeny , teeny tiny holes in the fabric and you 're just masking off different areas and we 'll talk about a couple of different ways that 's done . so in basic screen printing there 's an image on the fabric and you know , there are holes that the ink or the paint can go through and holes that the ink or the paint can not go through and then as you apply the ink or the paint it goes through the holes that it can go through and that produces your image ; an image like this one .
FiA75uKsJCU hi , this is sean hobson . when understanding how the game of basketball works , you first have to understand how the rules of the game are . what we 're going to talk about now consists of the center court line . once you have crossed the center court line , you 're not allowed to go back onto this side of the offensive line . so if i 'm an offensive player and i 'm heading in this direction , once i have gotten the ball and myself across the line , you 're not allowed to dribble the ball or get any of your body parts over the line that is , over and back . that will cost your team a turnover . so you want to be sure that when you cross that line and you stay close to the mid-court line , not to get over . 'cause if you dribble that ball , or any of the part of your body crosses , that 's going to be an over and back , and that 's going to be a violation . one other one that we see a lot is when somebody 's bringing the ball up the court . and let ? s say that blake is already crossed , and he gets the ball , now he wants to pass to hunter . even if hunter starts on this side , and jumps across the line , and catches it on this side , that is still over and back , because he has not established position on this side of the court . he left from this side , caught it on this side . that is still over and back , because he had to first be on this side , and then catch the ball . so you want to make sure that when you 're passing the ball that you do n't cheat this line , or that could also cost your team a turnover .
3QhrOxFdslI on behalf of expertvillage.com , my name is stan and i 'm here to tell you about community theater . this scene is a scene from our most recent production here at verde valley theater called run for your wife , a british about a cab driver with two wives and two apartments . in this scene , a police officer is checking up on some reports of a missing person . the cab driver 's friend stanley , the upstairs neighbor is trying to convince the police officer that he is john smith , that he is the cab driver . john 's wife mary is in the scene . she walks into the scene after the scene begins between the police officer and stanley , so stanley needs to act the part of mary 's husband . of course , he 's not her husband . he 's the upstairs neighbor , whom she finds extremely annoying . he 's always pestering them and borrowing money and so on . suddenly he 's trying to show affection to her and this upsets her tremendously . the audience gets more and more involved in this as the scene progresses . she 's asking the police officer where 's her husband and stanley 's standing there and says i 'm right here . she gets terribly confused and upset . it 's one of these mistaken identities and trying to cover something up scenes , which gets more and more bizarre as it progresses . in fact , stanley has told the policeman that he was planning in spend the morning in bed with his wife . the policeman is quite surprised by how she 's acting toward him and it ends up with her screaming and he kind of mimicking her as though this was a little foreplay game that they play and he runs out of the apartment . a couple of occasions , this kind of brought the audience to their feet applauding at the end of this scene . some very , very talented actors and an extremely well written scene combined to make for a really good part of the show here .
cPUBGTXRqz4 ok , we 're on a pretty steep uphill lie here , and usually , you 're not going to have the ball on an uphill lie , if the grass is real thin , or it will just roll down , but there 's usually some decent amount of grass to hit out of . so we 've got some balls here on the uphill lie , and we 're going to use the pitching wedge this time . there 's less loft on it , so remember when the ball is uphill , you add loft , so a pitching wedge , becomes like a sand wedge . a sand wedge becomes like a sixty degree . a sixty degree becomes like a seventy degree , so you have to take that in mind , that you 're not going to get as much distance , as you normally would , because the ball is on an uphill lie . you 're going to get more loft , so the secret to this shot , is i 've got to get a good stance . so i want to be balanced between my back foot and my front foot , so i do n't fall forward , or i do n't fall backwards , off the ball , so you can see this is a relatively steep lie here . this ball wo n't stay still , so i 'm now positioned , so i 'm going to be aiming up , because i want my swing to go along the ground . see , if i swing into the ground , i 'll just chunk the ball right into the ground , so i 've got to get my swing contouring to the , to the slope of the hill , so i 'm just going to pop this one up , with a very nice , easy swing . just pop it up . that shot worked out pretty good , so i 'm going to try that again . i 'm going to do more of an open stance now , and an open face , to get the ball to go even higher , and because i put it too high , i did n't get enough forward roll on it , so what you want to think about . you 've got to practice these shots , because having a two foot putt , or a six foot putt , is the difference between making that par putt to save your par , or maybe to at least avoid a double bogey , so you really have to practice these little touch shots a lot , and that way they wo n't frustrate you , and you 'll welcome them when you get them .
EBmoqACA2tE hi . this is john stewart and this how to set up your ground tarp or your footprint for setting up your tent . most tents now days come with a footprint or a ground cloth . these help for protecting the bottom of the tent from moisture , sharp objects , stumps , roots and other things . most footprints come fitted to the bottom of the tent so that there 's no overhang on the outside of the tent when you set the tent on top of it . these are real nice because you do n't have to do any folding of the ground cloth or anything like that . ground cloths can be tarps , tyvec , plastic sheeting , anything like that , that you can put on the ground to be a base layer to protect the bottom of your tent from moisture and other objects . these things need to trimmed to the size of the bottom of your tent so that the water does n't catch if it rains and flow up under your tent and pull up . if the water pulls up underneath your tent . it can saturate through and come into your tent in the middle of the night . so , with your ground cloths you always want to make sure you have them trimmed to the size of the bottom of your tent to where your tent sits right over the top of it . this is how to set up a ground cloth or footprint for setting a tent .
2XGX9AOF488 hi this is sean hobson for expert village , what we want to talk about right now is the proper way to line up your wide receivers . it 's very important that you put your wide receivers in the right places so that you do n't get a penalty . and what i 'm talking about there is you always have to have 7 men on the line of scrimmage . you also have to make sure that your tackles are always covered . and what i mean by that is this , if we got a man right here that is playing our guard spot we normally have our center here , that  s where i 'm going to put the ball , we have our guard and our tackle . if this tackle is covered by our tight end in this spot right here , our wide receivers have to line up outside one yard off the ball . which means he  s going to have to come up to the line of scrimmage and take a step back and then get into his stance . when your wide receivers get into their stance , they want to have one foot forward , they want to have good position and be ready to fire off the line . so you can see here we got our tight end and we got our receiver back one yard off . now , if we do n't use a tight end on this side , if we take our tight end out of the play we now have a tackle that 's uncovered . in that case we are going to take our wide receiver , step him up on the line so that we maintain 7 men on the line of scrimmage . and that  s the proper way you line up your wide receivers on the outside .
2og-qoLdNgA i 'm joanna joseph for expert village . now we 're going to actually start a calligraphy project . the project i want to do today is a light one . my son just went off to school and i 'm going to make him a refrigerator magnet . my son 's name is `` easy '' . so i 'm going to write `` easy does it , '' and i 'm going to write it kind of big , and then take it to the copy shop and get it reduced , and turn it into a refrigerator magnet . so , the first thing you want to do whether it 's a serious project or just a lightweight one like this is grab a pencil and a piece of paper and just making thumbnail sketches of possible layouts . there are , as i say , many different alphabets to choose from , and they , every alphabet has its own personality , the thing it can express , and then layout can express even further . so , i 've learned in my calligraphy experience that you should push and push and push , keep trying more and more arrangements . it 's usually the twenty-second thumbnail that i go with . in this case , i 'm just going to show you a few . maybe we 'll try another one . and i 'm going to keep in mind my format , which is going to be horizontal . so , something too vertical probably would n't work for a refrigerator magnet . i want him to be able to tack his shopping list onto it .
EsYxgsA_8kI now when busing tracks and things like that , and sending tracks into other tracks , there 's a level for each track going into the other one . so like when you actually send it , you can actually adjust how much of that signal goes into there , like at the amplitude of like the signal . when you 're going into your track to turn on a bus , all you have to do is make sure that you pick the bus and it 'll come up . so , say we 'll bus each of these to bus three . what i can do -- i can adjust my send level by just raising it right here . other things that also affect my send are pre , post , and post pan . now these are basically saying is it pre-fader or post fader . so , any effects that i might have on my track -- this is basically going to allow me to send it before the effects or after the effects . pre being before , post being after the effects . this is very important because this is definitely going to let you effect it and not send it into like a reverb , or if you want that desired effect , you can also do that as well .
CDKqah9apqs sheryl mcglochlin : hi , this is sheryl with expertvillage.com . and we 're talking about building a campfire in our backyard in the snow . now , containers -- your fire needs a container but there 's a few other types of containers that you also need . one is a place to store a lot of wood . this is one of the containers that i use when we cut up the logs . and this is just some garbage we 'll throw out but when we cut up the logs , we need to be able to have a place to store the wood and another important container that we need is to keep the shovel and the axe . and you can use a nice hard plastic container for that . matches , newspaper and your water container so it 's all contained in one place so when you take off and do a camp out , it 's all together and you can go ahead and just have all your supplies in one and all of your wood . in the winter , you 've got to keep your wood dry and a container is critical in order to keep your wood dry or you 'll have a hard time building that fire in the first place .
a9k_zgV6zCA jorge benlloch : my name is jorge benlloch for expert village . now today , we are going to make a quite interesting thing . we are going to make , like , a trophy fish . like those fish that the taxidermy mount . we are going to do it in clay , and it 's going to be a lot of fun . this is a good present for your dad or for yourself . anyway , these are the materials that , normally , we can use . we are going to use water-based clay , and it 's going to have -- to be self-drying . you do n't need to use a kiln . if you have facilities to get into the kiln , it 's much better , though . but anyway , the process that i am going to use is self-drying . it means that you can do it at home , and then you are going to have the piece that is going to last forever . this is red clay , water-based . this is a gray clay , water-based . i 'm going to use that one . that is less messy . then , this is sculpey , excellent material but you need , like , your -- like your oven not -- yeah , like a toaster oven to make it hard . but it 's expensive and we are going to need a quite big quantity of clay . this is plasticine or plastiline that never dries . you do n't need that one for today . but i present those materials because they are very important for sculpting . and this is , more or less , the tools that we are going to need -- roller pin , pieces of wood and a few tools . these are very important . that 's -- this wire is in order to cut the clay . and let 's start doing it .
1BiWPxwJYtk hi , i 'm stan defreitos , `` mr. green thumb '' , for on gardening . gloves are a major part of having a good garden . now this particular glove has some cloth on the edges , but it also has some of the nitro and the rubbery tips on the end of the gloves . why is that important ? well , it 's sort of out performs leather and it helps you hold onto the object that you 're working with . if you 're working with shovels all day long , or if you 're working handling materials all day long , you 're going to find you 're going to wind up getting blisters in your hands if you 're not used of being in the yard and garden . if you have a good pair of gloves , they 're going to help save your hands from all those blisters , and all those potential problems . so these kind of gloves are sort of a hybrid , they 're in between of having a full rubber pair , which tends to make your hands sweat quite a bit , and the cotton gloves which are mainly designed just so you can kind of keep your hands somewhat safe . if you use these hybrid gloves , you kind of get the best of both . they 're not so heavy , they got some cloth to them , but they also got some of the rubber tips to keep you safe when you 're working with some of the chemicals . for on gardening , i 'm stan defreitas , `` mr. green thumb '' .
CUBblIJj7H0 our last big stretch is downward facing dog , adho muka svanasana . start with your hands shoulder width apart and directly beneath your shoulders then check out the center of your wrists and make sure the very center of your wrists , there are some creases there , make sure those creases are parallel with the front edge of your mat and with each other . when you see that those lines are really running evenly between both wrist then push down into the pads of your fingers , that is the part be neath the nail and down into the mounds of the knuckles . once your foundation is set remember to open again so you open to your breath and as your breath gets more full you will just feel yourself more energized and more alive ready to enjoy your body . from that fullness of breath expand the back waistline and then melt your heart so that the heart actually moves toward the floor , keeping the heart melted and open and soft , tuck your toes under and then in hale to lift your hips up , you might even keep your knees bent . you can keep the knees bent and push through the arms . now push down through the arms and keep the heart moving toward the earth , melting toward the earth , push down through the arms and take a few more full breaths . again keeping your knees bent will help you keep the spine long but in the full stretch you can straighten your legs as long as you have a curve on the lower back . you can let the head and the neck release and extend from inside your heart down through your arms and way back through your hips . that sort of expansion opening should feel really good in your upper back . good to release , exhale your breath , take the knees to the floor the you can sit back with your big toes touching , your knees wide apart and let your forehead rest to the earth in child 's pose . then inhale to come up .
FfPgMuCbjtE hi , i 'm chef rainer wickel and i 'm here today with expertvillage.com . well , we 've just taken our fillets off of the grill and they look really good . now remember , when we grill these we do n't want to grill them for too long because traditionally fillet mignons are served pretty much medium , medium rare . now if you want to cook them a little bit more , you want to make them medium well or well done , you can go ahead and do that , just because of the fact that this is such a really good cut of meat and no matter what it 's gon na taste really good . but , it really will taste best when it 's still kind of pink inside . you can actually make this particular dish with any type of steak . you know , if you do n't want to use fillet mignon you can use any type of steak , a new york strip or a rib eye . this particular sauce just compliments the beef really well and it just gives it a really nice tangy flavor . so , let 's go ahead and grab our spoon , and we 're gon na put about a tablespoon on each fillet . all we want to do is , we wan na just have enough on there just to cover the top of it . we do n't want to overwhelm the steak with the sauce because this is just going to compliment the flavor of it . so , just go ahead an put it on . okay , now when you serve this it actually , you can serve this with any type of side dish . you can serve it with rice , you can serve it with potatoes , anything really compliments this , even vegetables or whatever you want to do . what we 're really concentrating on right here is how we actually prepare these fillets . well , this has been really fun and i 'm looking forward to trying these . and this is how we serve our fillet mignons in red wine sauce .
F2jWtGtehiE after your dentist has evaluated your for iv sedation and you 've medically cleared in order to have this procedure , there are a couple of important precautions that need known prior to your sedation . one , is we recommend that you wear loose fit clothing so that you 're nice and comfortable . you can not wear any sort of jewelry or nail polish . and , you need to be as comfortable as possible when you come in . so , that again nothing is restrictive . other things that we will need to know , is if there 's any major changes in your medical history between the time that you 're evaluated and the actual sedation procedure . we need to know that as well . it 's also important that you bring an escort with you . because , you will be put in such a relaxed state that typically after the procedure you will still be in a relaxed state that will not allow you to be able to drive or make any sort of major decisions or certainly go to work . it 's because of that , that we encourage you that an escort needs to come with you . they stay with you during the duration of the procedure and they have to leave with you . we also encourage you to not eat or drink anything for approximately six to eight hours prior to the procedure . that is to ensure the patient 's safety , so that nothing occurs during the procedure . it 's with these sort of precautions that we can deliver adequate sedation and ensure that you ? re comfortable , relaxed and able to be returned back in a state that is comfortable to you and something pleasant to remember .
BPtP5mjo4q8 hi ! my name is susan jacobs of personal style image consulting and on behalf of expert village ; i 'm here to talk to you today about older , better , but not necessarily harder to dress . in this clip , we 're going to be talking about necks and necklines . we all know that as we age , one place that shows aging is in the neck . what a lot of women chose to do is cover it up by wearing turtle necks . however , unless you 've got a long neck , turtle necks can be unflattering . mock necks are a great option in that case . if in doubt , wear a v-neck . v-necks are always flattering regardless of face shape . it gives you a great place to show off your lovely jewelry and it frames the face beautifully . shaw necks , scoop necks are also very flattering as we age . what we want to do is always remember if you 're self-conscious about your neck , then do n't draw attention to it by wearing chokers or high neck or collared items . open the face up , unbutton the blouse appropriately and pull it away from the face making that nice v to frame your face .
_23cxmSYqRg hee hah can be fun . how do you date a rockabilly . this is dr. paul author of boomer girls a boomer woman 's guide to men and dating . ask dr. paul nationwide radio talk show and i will have some information to you right now about dating a rockabilly . kind of ask yourself what is rockabilly . it kind of started in the early 50 's . had the rock and the hillbilly together and it was kind of cool . in fact a lot of its still around and a lot of people really like it . its kind of gone back to that point.its involved with a certain type of dancing and it can be fun . its maybe an idea whose time has come back . identifying with it is a good thing if you have a good time dancing and this is something that i believe will be a fad for the time and some place that you can just let it all hang out as they say and have a good time with it . so do n't hold yourself back if you find that this is something that can be fun for you and entertaining . you 're not getting serious about it . or even if you do understand it more . its like anything else doing the research , gaining the intelligence , that 's where we make our decisions after we get all of the data . so , hee hah to rockabilly . this is dr. paul . may your fantasies of today be your realities of tomorrow .
ClaU0cAiCBA how do we do a watercolor painting ? well , it 's really not very hard and it can take a long time or a short time . you can either do it very very tightly or very very loosely and here i will try to show you how to do a loose water color painting . i have my pencil which normally i am holding really pretty close to the end of the pencil . i do n't want to get terribly detailed because i want to do some of that with my brush . i 'm looking at three peppers orange , red , and yellow and i 'm going to do just a light little drawing of them to get me started but i 'm not going to over draw . i 'm not going to worry about it too much i 'll worry about where the edges are and so when i 'm using my paints , i think primarily . so i 've got this nice red pepper behind them and they 're all on this turquoise mat . so i 'm done with my drawing . that 's about all i 'm going to do for the drawing and i 'll chose not a very big , well i 'll chose this brush . i 've got water here and paint here ready to go and for this one , in the front , i 'll first lay down a nice yellow . sort of as an under painting as you will . i can still those brush strokes and all and i 'm going to come in there and darken that certainly and paint a little shadow underneath it as well . but , i wanted to get in there a bit so i 'm going to put a bit of dark onto here and a little bit underneath it because i see a really dark shadow underneath it . i 'm going to try to help define this line here . i ca n't do too much yet because it 's pretty wet . but , let 's get that in there and maybe a touch of red in with that to make it just a little warmer . i 'll come back to that in a moment as it 's getting a little bit drier . but , let 's come over to the next pepper right now so that we can let that sit and cook for few minutes if you will . let 's come in the back one and load this up with some nice dark . i 'm just still putting more paint on , more . i ca n't come in here because you can see that it 's too wet and do you see how i 've gotten a big blur so i could n't come in there until later , until it were all dry . now , here it 's kind of dry and i can bring that around . i actually could turn that . i 've got a big line here where this meets . i do n't like that , i can come in here and take that out . so you can do lots of changes once you 're and also one other thing . usually when you paint any still life you want some sort of a shadow underneath of the objects . now here i had a , we are n't done with that , here i have kind of a turquoise color cloth but you can come around and make a shadow under your objects that carries some of this color and some of your object . i would have to come back here later and work on this and i would also want to give some background . maybe just a simple background like maybe it would be wallpaper . i think that gives you at least some idea to finish . do it a little more carefully than i 've done it here but this opens up the idea to you and how to do something very loose and quickly . so , until next time , this is eileen pestorius .
D-MWAUxiPHY probably the number one asked question i get is how to choose a telescope . there 's a lot of telescopes on the market , they do n't have to be expensive to be enjoyed as a matter of fact . probably the best telescope to begin with , after testing probably hundreds and hundreds of low cost telescopes , would be a refractor . this is an example of a refractor . the way you can identify a refractor is it has the lens in the front of it as opposed to a reflector which will have the mirror in the back . generally of the refractors i 've tested from about 60 millimeters to about 100 millimeters , the lenses are usually very good . the problem is , in choosing this , and this is very important , check the eyepieces . the eyepiece quality will determine what you can see out of the telescope . a lot of your lower cost telescopes will have plastic eyepieces . this will never do , the plastic will cause all kinds of aberrations . there 's some very low cost eyepieces out there that will be identified on the side of the eyepiece called `` kelner 's '' , `` plossl 's '' . i ca n't even tell you how much better it will be if you choose a telescope like that . after you choose a telescope , and i like refractors , moderate focal lengths , they 'll be about two foot long , and about 60 - 90 millimeter sizes , the next thing you 've got to have is you 've got to have a sturdy mount . so go up to the mount , because you 'll usually see an example set up in the store , hold your hand on the mount down and try to shake the telescope that 's on it . if it shakes freely then you 're going to have a hard time , because even if the optics are good , the image is going to move all over the place and you 're not going to be able to enjoy the telescope . so , there 's many , many companies that make refractors , very low cost . i 've seen them as low as $ 49 and all the way up to about $ 300 you can get one . again , refractor , glass eyepieces , very sturdy tripod . that 's very important because you do n't want it shaking while you 're using your power through there . the eyepieces are key . after you find a refractor , the kelner 's you 'll probably want with these eyepieces , and the smaller ones you wo n't like because the eye release is very hard to see out of , you 'll want to get something in probably the 25 millimeter range down to about 12 millimeter range . after you do that , it does n't matter whether it 's a kelner or plossl , just stay away from the plastic ones and go for as much rigidity as you can get .
boOukaXtLKM in this vinyasa , there 's lots of forward bending . if you 're afraid of forward bends , you have super tight hamstrings , do n't worry . it 's so open to you . this is so , so open to you . this is what we 're going to do : inhale , lift your arms up , and exhale . pretend like you ca n't touch the floor with straight legs , please , annika . she will be stuck there . you might even be stuck a little bit higher . you might not be able to do that . so all you 're going to do is bend your knees and place ten fingertips on the floor , and then tuck your head in . it does n't matter how bent your knees are here at all . all that matters is that you 're beginning to open the hamstrings up , and you 're beginning to know what it feels like to take an exhale and really get all of the air out . this is a pumping action , exhaling the air out almost for you . go ahead and come back up , inhaling . thank you .
e9vKuRXdwOA now we 're going to be applying some velcro to our puppet theater . we 're going to need two pieces of the fuzzy side of the velcro . this is velcro with adhesive , and you want it to be two pieces as long as the window section . you want two pieces about a quarter inch wide , and then you 're going to need two small bits like this of the hook end , also with the adhesive on the back . so we 'll turn our puppet theater around , like this . now , the one piece of the long fuzzy side , with the adhesive , we 're going to adhere to the inside edge of the puppet theater window . you want to run that right along . you want to make sure that your velcro is about the same width as the width of the board . and lay that in there . now this piece is going to be so that you can put your puppet show title in front of the window like that , you just put a little bit of the hook end velcro on the back of the piece and you can hang your titles there . or you can even cut out a bit of scenery , or make your own scenery that can be attached to the front like that . and a little velcro helps it hold . now the second piece of velcro we 'll be applying just under that along the edge there . right along the edge , like that . and this piece is for helping those little hands work with more than one puppet , so if you put if you have some little puppets like this i made some just simple sticker puppets on a popsicle stick and i attached some of the hook side velcro here , now i can hold a puppet without holding onto it . i can just place some puppets there , and i 'll show you what that looks like . we 'll lift our curtains , and that way a child can he can put a puppet there , and then play with this one , and then go back to that one , so it gives them an extra helping hand . now our other pieces of velcro are small pieces , we 're going to use for holding back the curtain . you want to stick the fuzzy end up here in the corner , just a little piece of that in this corner , and a little piece in this other corner . and then , the small bits , i 'm going to move my puppets here , the small bits will be attached to the inside edge of the curtain , right here in this corner here , and that way the child can grasp the corner from the inside and raise the curtain himself . so you put those two little squares right on the inside , bottom corner , and the curtain can be held back like that . and i 'll just turn it around so you can see what it looks like . and there we have a really fun and easy to play with puppet theater .
d2jEUdKfU6o i 'm dj poye , professional jeweler and gemologist , and i 'm here today on behalf of expert village . i went ahead and finished the small rendering on a piece of paper . when you first start creating a design , it 's more of a free form design for me , before you get into the technical measurements and the size of what the piece really actually needs to be . so i hate to be restricted , so i always start out with a really flowy movement , and then of course , then i have to condense it down and to work a piece of art . what we 're going to do now , as you can tell that all the pieces around will be cut out and pierced out . and then the center pieces will be pierced out , too , as well . and then what we need to next is place it on the metal . i chose a simple piece of metal , it 's 20 gage . you try to use the utmost proportion of the metal when you do it , saving as much as you can . the size frame , again , is going to be 20 gage metal , which will be easy to pierce . 2-2/3 inches by 1-1/2 inches . and basically what you do once you get this full design going , you make sure that it 's going to fit on the piece of metal , and like i said , use the utmost portion so you have a little bit of the section of the metal left . you do n't want to just use it in the very center , and waste a piece of metal . and then basically what i end up doing is i have found out this glue stick works the best and adheres the tracing paper to it the best . i just make a nice , even coat on it , and then i pick up the rendering . and basically what you want to make sure that when you put the tracing paper in , that you do n't really smudge the rendering , the pencil lead part on here . and you want to make sure it 's fairly even on here . and you also want to make sure that there 's actually no bubbles and stuff . and it dries fairly quickly , and then you basically i always wait maybe ten or fifteen minutes , between time to just make sure it gets a nice adhesive , and then i just place it directly on here like this .
DzLDP_-48Zk hi . my name is melissa powell and i 'm with expert village . today we 're going to talk about dealing and playing blackjack . it 's a game that 's gotten all the rage right along with poker lately . and since people are playing it all the time , you should know how to play and be a winner at the game . so we 're going to go over all of the basics . what cards you get , what to learn , when to bet , when not to bet , all of those details . and i 've been playing and dealing now for a few years with a company called dealer dolls . we 're sexy , professional poker , blackjack dealers in los angeles . it 's an excellent way to learn how to play the game and i 've been way more successful in vegas now that i know how to play . so we 're going to go over all of the details . one of the most important things you need to know in playing blackjack is , you 're only playing against me , the house . you 're not playing against other players . so it does n't make any difference that the other players see your cards , which is why all of the cards in blackjack are dealt face up . so we 're going to start with a typical hand , showing everybody 's cards and how you play the game . so let 's go ahead and start .
3shxeDzA9d0 have you ever wondered whether or not you could actually gain weight through your diet ? i know many people have a hard time gaining weight . it surprises people to hear that because most people are trying to loose weight . but , for many of you this is a challenge . hi , my name is jani roberts and i 'm a new graduate of the american academy of nutrition . i 'm also a certified personal trainer and i 'm going to share some ideas with you today about how you can make this happen . first of all , i think it 's important that you do talk to your physician and have your thyroid checked . if gaining weight has always been an issue for you there may be something going on there metabolically that you need to have checked . this could make a huge difference in your ability to not only gain the weight but to also keep that weight on . the most important thing is that you want to gain the weight in all the right places . so , just eating as you 've probably already figured out is not going to do the trick . we want to make sure we 're eating good quality foods and a good balance of carbohydrates , proteins , and fats . that 's right , there are fats that have to be taken in in order for you to really feel good and have good balanced nutrition . those good fats are the essential fats and they 're found in great foods such as nuts and seeds . those nuts and seed you want to try to eat raw whenever possible and really get them in on a regular , on a daily basis . in addition , those proteins need to be balanced . not too much animal . animal products are really acidic and sometimes when people are trying to gain weight they eat such a high quantity of proteins that they 're really getting in a lot of acidic food and this causes a lot of indigestion and a lot of problems , digestively in general . so remember , good quality food choices , start gradually , be consistent , and do me a favor , at least six meals a day . keep them small but eat every two to three hours . grazing will really help to keep that weight on . you can do it ! gaining five pounds through nutrition , through diet , no problem at all . this is jani roberts , thanks for joining .
2fVctsJtVPQ hi my name is sue conrad and i 'm going to be talking about how to tone your inner thighs . toning your inner thighs is a difficult area for most people . you really need to focus on more then just the exercises . there are three components , cardio , strength training , and diet . as far as cardio goes , if you are really focusing on toning your inner thighs , you can do cardio three to five days a week , thirty to forty five minutes . and try and change up your activity from fat burn to putting your body into the cardio zone . maybe focus on distance one day , time , different programing or different machines . as far as strength training goes , there 's many different leg exercises that are key in keeping the inner thighs nice and toned . lunges , squats , leg raises . there is also some types of inner and outer thigh machines where you can use your own equipment using a stability ball or bands , medicine balls to help tone the inner thighs . as far as the diet goes you need to have a nice well balanced diet keeping the calorie intake within your range , so combining those three components you should be able to focus on keeping your inner thighs nice and toned .
FFwwrRhqSTE now i 'm going to show you how to prepare your stones . when you get a stone you would receive in a box and it would also come with a nylon scraper . it would be a white very white color stone . the first thing we want to do is rinse it in warm water . this does not need to be soaked . we do not recommend suds , soap or detergent , or dish washer for your stone . after your first use of your stone , you would use the nylon scraper that comes with 4 different corners to clean your stone . you would simply scrape any excess food from the stone using this scraper . any of these corners would get in to any corner on type of stone that you have . then you would just simply rinse it with warm water . again we do not recommend any soap . so you would just rinse it and then store it either back in the box or in your oven .
5kc64kROoDE hi ! i 'm niqui with studio soiree . once we 've conditioned our legs strength wise and also endurance wise , because it does n't feel very good , we can actually do inversions to help keep that conditioning active , and also to help us with our lower back exercise . we 're just going to do back extensions . they really , really need to be concentrated , mindful , and they absolutely can not use any momentum . if you have a strong lower back , i promise you 'll find far less back pain than what you may have . getting into this hold can be as simple as doing any kind of inversion , but i 'll assume you do n't know how to do inversions and i 'll just do kind of a handstand . we want to face the pole , so i have to kind of do the handstand this way . either way , we 'll place our hands , get upside down , and then we just want to hold the pole with our legs . once we 're here , we can just kind of do back extensions . all while getting use to the torture to our legs that is holding ourselves up with our legs .
3Pl9EFPWXwI when you display your iron stone you can display it on cabinets like this or open cabinets is a really subjective thing depends on how much room you have in your house and how you want to use it . if you want to use it for just display your going to put it on the shelf and not take it out or if your going to put it in your cupboard and use it everyday . on some of this iron stone is durable enough to put in your dishwasher i highly recommend that people do n't use them , that 's just my from my experience i find that there is less chipping and the breaking down on the porcelain from the heat is not exactly the most ideal thing to do . so washing them by hand is what i recommend but for displaying them you can it 's pretty much a subjective thing you can display all your iron stone in one . if you have one pattern or your just collecting cups and saucers you can display just the cups and saucers its really a subjective thing so it 's whatever what you decide to collect . and however much room you have to display these things is really up to you .
EJY-1aa_Zec i mounted this picture to a piece of foam core . it 's just a piece of slick paper that is in case with foam core ( in foam ) they call it a foam core because of the foam that is on the edge . i actually adhere this one to this piece so that when i set my matte over the top of it i can cut it out and have a nice piece . i can cut it out using my trusty knife ( cutting ) and if you do n't have a sharp knife , that is what happens . but you continue to cut it out . we 're going to leave that alone for right now and go the one that i already have cut . i chose not to mount this one because if you are doing it at home this would be something you could n't do without going paying somebody to do it . one of the other reasons i chose to do this is because this is a original picture . they really did n't want to mount it or lose much of it . we talked about several different options they chose to go this direction , they chose to go this direction because they already had a pre-existing 8 x 10 frame that i 'm going to use to put here in . i cut the matte , i chose the white because it brings out the white in the ducks chest and it adds a little bit of light to her face .
5Qp4gOewO-Q okay , so i 'm going to show you that complete routine that i just did . we 're going to break it up into 2 parts again just so it 's not too much for you to handle . so you get your svengali deck and have a card selected , i like using the dribble method and they 're going to look at that club and just like that . then we 're going to give the deck a shuffle just like this , okay . what we did was we had them say stop again and then we had them find their own selected card . if you wanted to do it a different way you could have them cut the deck and they can cut to their own selected card . then what we did was we buried the card in the deck again and you could do the idea where we had the card sticking out . you could have them bury the card , push it in their selves and then it would rise to the top just like that . so that 's the first couple of parts , come back in the minute and i 'll show you the rest of it .
4GLqN9yeE8s now in previous segments we 've talked about getting into the box , getting yourself ready , getting your timing , actually hitting the ball , which is the most important , making contact . what are we going to talk about now , we 're going to talk about the follow through . so we 've talked about getting to here , getting to here . we 've talked about this range , where your bat 's from here to here . well what do you do from here on ? so , we 're going to go like this , you make your contact , you need to drive through . now you want to continue your natural motion and finish high . now it does n't really make a whole lot of difference , if , once you 're to this point if you let go or if once you get to this point you keep both hands on it . it 's more of a personal preference . once the ball has actually left the bat , you 're going to have , obviously have very little determination on where the ball is going to go . so it 's more just a personal feeling , what do you feel comfortable with . so , typical follow through is , here i make contact , right through right there . as you can see , i 'm still balanced . as we talked about earlier , i 'm not falling out this way where i made my swing and that 's my follow through . i did n't pigeon hole myself and fall over this way . very simple , boom , here i make contact , i drive through , finish high still on balance and that 's your follow through .
FcBxKz1ReZI i 'm ryan parker with parker home renovations in new braunfels , texas , and today i 'm going to teach you how to seal grout joints . now there are a few materials you 're going to need to seal your grout joints . first thing you 're going to need is a scotch pad , you 're going to need a rag or a sponge , you 'll need to get what 's called a seal a wheel , which is actually a bottle that holds sealer and the sealer actually comes off this roller , and then you 're going to need some actual sealer . now the first thing you 're going to need to do is take a scotch pad and you 're going to want to dip it in some clean water and scrub the grout joints just to get any type of residue off the grout joints . then you 're going to want to wipe those grout joints off with either your towel or a good sponge . then you 're going to take your sealer and pour it into this bottle of , for your seal a wheel . and what you do is you just unscrew the top like that , and you just pour your sealer in there and then you screw the top back on and then it 's full of sealer . then what you 're going to want to do is you 're going to want to take the seal a wheel and you want to turn it upside down like this and you want to roll that wheel across the grout joints evenly on each grout joint . and that 's how you seal grout joints . if you have any other questions , you can contact me at parkerhomerenovations.com .
-0Ztd7IpCtI hi , i 'm david clemen on behalf of expert village . today on the show we 're going to do fashion illustration . in closing , i just wanted to go over a few things about fashion illustration . first it should be fun , second it should be exciting and third it should pop off the page . so these are just some examples of different fashion illustrations , different styles , and different mediums . this for example is colored pencil , its mono chromatic , this is marker very loose , and the one we just went over is very loose and sketchy . this is more elegant . you notice that the proportions are extremely enlarged and elasticized if you will . you even have almost photo realistic with the marker that you can do . you can go almost abstract . so there are lots of different things you can do but it 's really about the clothes . that 's what the fashion illustration is for , is to show off the clothes . so you do n't want to go too stylized , but you do want to show that it 's sexy , it 's fun and it 's exciting . and you want to make the models in the clothes move . and that 's really what it 's all about .
du0e69nNQsM today i am going to show you how to make a reversible picture . what a reversible picture is is that it is a two-sided picture . there are two individual pictures . and there is going to be folds running down the paper from top to bottom . depending on which direction the folds go , as you move the direction of the folds , the picture actually changes and it will become more clear as we go along . so , let me just show you the supplies that we are going to need to make our reversible picture . we are going to need two pieces of paper , and they should be the same color . those are going to be the two pieces of paper that are images , the two separate images are going to be drawn on . and we are also going to need a piece of white , plain paper that is going to go across the back , and we are going scissors , a pencil , and a lot of different colored markers to decorate our picture . then we are going to be using some glue and masking tape that will help put the paper together . so , the supplies are really easy and the effect , once the project is done , the special effect that it has as the picture changes , is really neat . kids will really enjoy doing this project . so that is really all that you need to make your reversible picture .
ExQSWz-5cGU john carstarphen : hi . this is john carstarphen for expert village . each one of the palettes is a floating palette , meaning you can grab it and move it and place it anywhere within the interface . so at the top of the page here , we have the light controls , and by clicking on the drop-down tab , you can see that it just gives you the number of lights and you can do other things with the light here . now , these options , as with any of the palette windows , are duplicated over here on this floating palette , which is the properties palette . so , for instance , if we have a light that we want to move around , we can do it from here . by just grabbing a light and moving it , interactively , we can create a light here ... and move that around . we can delete a light here . we can change the type of light we have by clicking on that and then going over here , and we can change the color of the light from this palette .
BZkm9hQVwng so for the next six that we are going to look at the c and the a you can tune your a just like you did the d before . you can tune your a and find your c note from the bottom and you might find that you have to adjust the second finger just a little bit and think of your c as being just a little bit higher and this will help you tune it with the a and again you will know when you are in tune because you will hear a little bit of a harmonic on top so it is a good idea to tune your a note first before tuning the c and then use your c and tune that against the a and this will help you play your sixth in tune .
buc5dUzP57k real estate school ; i recommend it to everybody . i meet people out there , and we talk about `` you want to get your real estate license ? yeah , i think i 'll take it online . '' well i 'll tell you , my experience was incredible taking it in the classroom . you know , you 're working that 8 - 5 job and you 're probably feeling discouraged right now . classroom does not have to mean 8 - 5 sitting in the classroom . it can mean , when you get off work at 5 you go to the classroom and you might be sitting there from 6 - 9 or 10. yeah you 're going to be a little bit tired , but you know let 's load up on the coffee . or you might take it , you might ask your , whoever you 're working for , can i take off friday ? take off every friday for the next probably two or three weeks . because believe it or not , that 's how long it takes , about two or three weeks to get your real estate license . the key is , there 's certain course requirements , and so the classroom hours , i mean there 's usually four core courses of what you need to take .
Fq0PpZ0MKK8 another important aspect of working on the table with your dog is that your dog knows reliably that they ca n't get off the table unless you tell them to . when the dog is on a grooming noose , it is very important that they know that they have to stay on the table and if you are switching positions and getting them from going from a stand into a sit or a down , you will also want them to know that they have to stay on the table . so you need to train your dog to do that . if i am working with a dog in a stand position with a grooming noose , i want to be able to be working here at the back end of the dog without worrying that he is going to jump off the front . then if i am going to stop working with him in a stand and i am going to take him out of the grooming noose and i want the dog to change positions , i do n't want to be worrying whether he is going to get off the table . ty down , good boy . so he is going to stay on the table until i am finished brushing him and then when i am done with the dog on the table , okay ty , okay , let 's go , he can get off of the table . this way , okay . he 's going to go try and find a good way to get down . let 's go , okay , good boy , good job . we always want to make sure that the dog knows he has to stay on the table until we release them from being on the table . it is a safety issue for the dog . certainly if you are doing the grooming at your house and the dog jumps off the table as long as they are not in a grooming noose , nothing is going to happen to them . but if you are at a show , if you show your dog and you are at a show , they have to know that they have to stay on the table until you have released them .
3NJCHNKeFtY what i like to do when i 'm packing is i like to pack by the room , and then i 'll label the box with the black marker with the name of the room that it came from so my kitchen boxes will say `` kitchen '' , and then it will have a list of contents in there , so maybe it will say `` dishes '' and `` spices '' . the boxes that i pack things from my bathroom in will say `` bathroom '' and it will have a list of the things that are in that box . so the purpose of that is so that when i move into my new place those boxes can go directly to the room that they belong in , that the things in them belong in , and it saves some extra shuffling when you get to your new house . so that 's another reason why you do n't want to mix the contents from different rooms in the boxes . so keep the rooms separate and that should make the moving process , as you move into your new place , a lot easier .
bSH4n-Pn5QA now we 're going to talk about with regards to compliance gaining strategies , positive altercasting and negative altercasting . this is something that we hear people do a lot . positive altercasting is when i communicate with you well you should do that because a good person would do that and you 're a good person . that is positive . or i might do it in this way , which is negative . well , you 're not going to do what i want because you 're just a jerk anyway . you 're a bad person and only bad people would n't take me to the store . only a bad person would n't buy me a new car . so again , this is similar to the feelings , but this is putting people in a general category . you 're a good person because you 're doing what i want , or you 're a bad person because you 're not going to do what i want .
EQDGMwgzabQ okay , the next thing we 're going to do is talk about the shoulders . what we want to do is we want to raise the shoulders up as high as we can and then release them as low as they 'll go . probably do n't try to force them down , but let them go down . so you 're going to inhale as you bring your shoulders up and you 're going to exhale as you bring your shoulders down . and , it 's really the exhale and the releasing of the shoulders where you 're going to let the muscle relax . so , we 're going to take it in , we let it out . and in , and out . and you want to do that , oh maybe eight times , maybe ten times . then the next thing you want to do is we 're going to take , get the whole arm involved , and we 're going to float our arms up , and we 're going to float them down . we 're going to float them up and we 're going to float them down . again , you 're inhaling on the up , you 're exhaling on the down . inhale and exhale . and that 's going to help relieve some of the tension in those shoulders .
1Rk3pC7_MMQ now the pasta has dried enough it 's ready to cook . now just because it says let the pasta dry , it does n't mean it 's going to be like pasta that you get in a box . it 's still going to be a little soft . it 's still going to have some give . it 's going to be more like refrigerated pasta that you get at the grocery store instead of box pasta . so if you 're expecting it to be stiff and hard , this is n't what you are going to be getting so you wo n't be able to break it . it should be a little bit twisty now i selected all of the pasta the rotel shape that are approximately the same size that we get an even cooking time . so let 's put it into our boiling water and then we 're going to let it boil for about 2-3 minutes before checking it . because it 's not super super dried , it does n't need nearly as much time as box pasta does so we 're just going to leave it in here stir frequently and check in about 2-3 minutes . once the pasta is cooked , it 's going to have swelled up just a little bit almost like a dumpling you 're going to drain it and then it ' s ready for you to choose a sauce .
EriGubt58lA my name is ryan parker with parker home renovations in new braunfels , texas and today i am going to show you how to remove hard water deposits on a shower head . the first thing you are going to need is you are going to need a wrench . you 'll need some vinegar and a bucket of some sort . what you are going to want to do is you are going to want to take the shower head off by using the wrench to clamp around the edge of the shower head and you just want to twist it to the left . then you unscrew it . once you get it off you are going to want to get your vinegar and you are going to want to pour some vinegar into your bucket enough to where when you sit the shower head in there it will be covered in vinegar . now you want to drop your shower head in your vinegar and you could use a soft bristled toothbrush or a tooth pick if you want to and you can actually scrub the end of the shower head to get the deposits off . you can use a tooth pick and actually poke out the little holes at the end of the shower head to get whatever mineral deposits that collect inside those holes out . now if you ca n't get the shower head off what you can do is you can get a one gallon size plastic bag and you can put vinegar in it and drape it around the shower head while it is still attached and then just duct tape it real tight around the shower head . that way the vinegar stays on the shower head and you 'll want to leave it on there probably overnight if you can but preferably maybe a couple of hours just to clean it off . then once you are done you just cut a slit in the bag and let it drain out or you just take the shower head out of the vinegar and you screw it back on , you screw it to the right . you want to tighten it up pretty good . make sure you use some kind of teflon tape or something to seal these threads . if you have any other questions you can contact me at parkerhomerenovations.com .
25wQUtTYer0 as far as safety goes , you ca n't be safe enough when you 're working with wood . and especially , with a piece of wood that is spinning . you know , like that bark could have come off and hit us or even a tool , we might catch it . we 've got to have some good safety rulers here . and so what i want to do , is tell you that there 's a. we 've got a bit of a formula here that will give us some safe guidelines . and what it is , is you take the diameter of the piece . take the diameter here . and then , we 're going to times it by , say , take that , you got to times it by the rpm of the lathe . now we want that to do , on our rpm , is we want that to equal on a bowl , i want to be , make sure i 'm going a little slower than fast i want that to equal about five thousand . when i 'm roughing it . and then , as i finish the bowl , i want to go to , i can turn the speed up and i 'm going to end up around eight thousand . o.k . now do n't get caught up in what all this means . it 's just , try and keep this simple . take the diameter , times the rpm . and you want to end up , when you roughing . you want to start right here . and then , when you 're finishing , you want to be in here . so let 's say , i had a ten inch diameter piece . to make it easy . that 's pretty easy . i can take ten inches here . and then , i have to , to get into five thousand . put five hundred , in there . and that , gives me my speed . that i want to start at . so it 's pretty simple to do . take your diameter and then plug it in . and you want to end up with this kind of a formula . use that and that will be a good starting point for you , on that . and always err on the side of keeping it at a lower speed . than a faster speed . especially , when you 're starting out .
djVMUWQNbAc in this section we are going to talk about the definition of the heelside approach . basically you are approaching with your toes facing outward and your back to the rail . any sort of rail trick that is considered heelside is in this fashion . some people find it a little bit more intimidating simply because once you ollie and once you commit to that trick it is all intuition , you ca n't really see behind you all you can see is your peripheral and the end of the rail but once you ollie that 's all you need to see . as you approach from your heelside , you want to be flat based . on our toeside you wanted to be a little bit on your toes but since we are popping from our heels we want to keep our base flat . if you pop from your heels at an angle , you are going to just pop completely over the rail so keep your base flat . as you pop you are going to position your shoulders over the rail and bend your knees , hold on for the ride . and that 's the definition of approaching a rail on your heelside .
2NwYhYhcfSo hey ! how you doing ? this is jonathan escotto , also known as b-boy xcel , on behalf of expert village , and today we 're showing you breaking tips . this clip we 're going to talk more about top rock . now , top rocking again is your introduction to your dance . before you get down into your footwork , into your power moves , into your freezes , you want to make sure you top rock and get your dance . remember first and foremost , break dancing is a dance . now , we 're going to show you a step that we call the salsa step . now , the salsa step is derived from salsa music and salsa dancing . it 's similar to the indian steps . so those of you who know it , this should n't be too hard for you . now , i 'm going to demonstrate the salsa steps so you guys can get the count to it . it goes something like this . you 're going to step forward with your right foot , step out ... ..out , ... out , step , out . okay . now , i 'm going to break the step down for you so that you understand a little bit better . we 're going to demonstrate it starting off with your left foot , body facing forward . we 're going to take our left and we 're going to step out to the side . step , and our hands are going to open wide as if you 're saying what . you 're going to bring that left foot back without moving the right foot . now you 're going to take the right foot , lift it up , step out to the side , hands out again . then you 're going to take your hands , bring them in at the same time you 're bringing your right foot back in . now we 're going to combine both those steps real slowly . left foot out , 1 , back , 2 , back , 1 , back , 2 , back . now , you want to be able to catch that step on rhythm . the rhythm to it is 1 , 2 , 1 , 2. so basically , it 's going to look something like this . out and back , out and back , out and back , out and back . again , that 's the salsa step . for those of you that have learned the indian step , we 're going to try to combine both of those steps together . now remember , the indian step is a 90 degree angle step . so again , i 'm going to demonstrate the indian step . it goes 1 , back , 2 , back , 1 , back , 2 , back . now we 're going to combine that with the salsa steps , so it 's going to look a little something like this . 1 , back , 2 , back , 1 , back , 2 , back , 1 , back , 2 , back , 1 , back , 2 , back . now , also keep in mind , no 2 dance steps are similar . you can throw your own little flavor in there , your own little movements . everyone has different gestures , different types of poses , different expressions that they make . make it yours , okay . make it yours .
FFN1aywitts okay , when you 're doing acupressure , it 's important that you do your finger positioning properly so you get the most benefit for the animal . the thing to do is to hold your fingers completely up and down , completely straight up and down . you do n't want them bent forward and you do n't want them bent back . so you do n't want to bend in your fingers , you want your fingers , just think of them being sort of an acupressure needle . the other way to do it , especially if you have long fingernails , cause doing that this one it 's going to be particularly painful , if you have long fingernails , you can use your thumbs , and use the base of your thumbs . this is slightly less effective , especially in smaller dogs , because you 're not going to get as deep into the acupressure point . but it does work for those cases . and again , the best is completely straight up and down , pushing your finger into the acupressure point and that 's , that will give the most value . if you go , bent like this or bent like that , the pressure does n't hit the actual acupressure point . it gets into the area , but it does n't hit the point and that 's going to be important .
EtlW3FCt-io on behalf of expert village my name is karen locasale and i 'm here to tell you about gourd art . making a gourd mask . so , we 've got our gourd shape picked out , we 've cut it in half and we have our piece . now what we want to do is actually go in and actually draw our design on there . you got your eyes , got a mouthpiece here that we 're gon na have , your actual design of the mask itself . at this stage we 're just drawing it out and then what we 'll do next is actually , with a wood burner , burn in these designs and that will give you a permanent marking in there that we can go back in later and color . for the mouthpiece here , i will actually use my drill and cut a hole there and then i will actually use some files and work on that hole to get it to fit my piece of bamboo , which i just use plain bamboo that you can get at the craft store , cut off a piece about an inch , inch and a half , it does n't have to be real wide . and then , you 're gon na keep trying that into your hole and filing that hole out as you need to to get that to , for a nice snug fit . another thing you can do , is if you would like to have the eyes actually cut out versus coloring those in , you can do that at this stage as well . and actually use your drill , start your pilot hole and then actually go in there and cut those eyes out and have that as an option as well .
3zR5X3-NLas now that we understand that , it 's very important to actually put it into practice . again , the tongue acts as the valve . the pressure 's built up first and is supported through the stomach actually presses in . ok ? now i 'll demonstrate from both angles . this angle and also profile . if you notice everything i did before i continue to do , now it 's through the mouth piece . the air goes through the stomach , the three steps are actualized , the air comes straight up and straight out . through the mouth piece . the tongue acts as a valve . stops the air from flowing . so you think ta . a ta sound , not a ha sound . a ta sound . very important to go ta , ta . alright ? so when you 're doing a power tones in three step process , it 's the attack , it 's the quality of the length of the note and also it 's the termination of the note . three steps , the attack , the longevity of the note , quality of the note and then termination of the note . that determines a good power tone or a bad power tone . and continue that on the next segment .
BZD1GRJFaMw hi , i 'm james dix from reptile rescue service in salt lake city , utah . this episode , we 're determining how to tell if your pet turtle has ceased , died , passed away . a couple quick signs are , one would be smell , of course . another one would be the eyes would be sunken in to the head . no movement , lifeless , not moving at all . so these are signs of ... that your turtle has passed away . usually when they pass away , it does n't take very long and they start smelling really bad . a lot of times , just so people do know , they get misinterpretations of this . when you buy a turtle , turtles live a long time because their metabolism . if you give that turtle something to eat that 's poisonous , it can take up to a year to kill 'em . and they 'll still be eating and acting fine everyday , and then one morning he 'll just have his head down and that 's the end of him . he 'll pass away . no signs or warning .
CT_kjQD6QDU hello , my name is russell kompinski and on behalf of expert village we are going to learn how to purchase and assemble a skateboard . the tools you 're going to need to assemble the skateboard is a screwdriver to screw in the nuts and bolts to the deck and with that you can use a set of pliers to hold the bolt while you 're screwing the screw in . you can use a ratchet for the kingpin or an allen key depending on what kind of kingpin . this kingpin uses an allen key . if you do n't want to use a set of pliers , you could use a close end wrench .
1HVI7U22egg richard buccola : hi , this is rich buccola of new york city . and today , on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how to make beef stroganoff . all right , we 're almost done . i 'm making sure this is just nice and smooth that it did n't get any lumps from your flour . just make sure you do that . just going to keep spreading that all around nice . what we 're going to do now is just add this right to our mixture of beef and onions and mushrooms , like so . yes , this is so good . let 's just give that a good mix . i 'm going to put that under a low flame and let it thicken up . and what happens now , we 're going to boil some water for our noodles . it 's almost time for dinner . we 've just tasted a little bit of it and it 's amazing , but we want it to thicken up a little bit so i have it on a very low flame . and while my water starts to boil in my saucepan for our noodles , i 'm just going to occasionally stir it . and when i actually take this off the heat , it will really thicken up and be a really nice sauce . it tastes amazing . it tastes a little bit of the wine . it 's really good . i hope you guys make this .
4OrEbyp-zqg hi . this is alex spurkel of naked rhythm and universal drumming on behalf of expert village . in this clip , we 're going to be talking about how to play the doum on the doumbek . the doum is the base , the base note that we get on this drum . it sounds like this . okay , and the proper way to play the doum is with a nice , flat hand as such . you want to make sure that your fingers are together and that your thumb is out like this . you want to make sure your hand is flat , and not cupped in or hyper extended like this . your striking surface is going to be the bottom of the fingers , not the palm , okay ? and your placement of the hand on the drum is going to be about like that , so that the middle of ; the tip of your middle finger is going to reach to the center of the drum . no farther than that . okay , so your primary sweet spot is not dead center , but actually a little bit out closer to the side . you want to make sure to move with both your wrists and a little bit with your arm as well . and very important , you want to make sure that you bounce off of the drum . if you stick on the drum like this , you kill the sound . so , nice and gentle . you do n't want to over hit the doum too hard . just like that , bouncing off the drum . and that 's how we get a good doum .
C8GFJV9AXYM okay , now that we 've created our little spider out of yarn or string , you 're going to take the base of his body and we 're going to want to attach that to our spider web base that we created here . so you can put it at any of the corners and , what you 're going to do , is take some glue and just put some glue on the back of your spider , in the middle of those knots it builds up a good base for us . and , put a good amount of glue on there because this tacky glue , elmer 's glue , that 's all going to dry clear . so i 'm going to put him on this top corner and i 'm just going to hold him on there nice and firm , pushing him down and you 're going to allow him to dry on there for about twenty seconds . if he 's still coming loose , you can surround the area with some more of this glue because , again , it will dry clear and you just do n't want that spider coming off . so i 'm going to place a small amount here on the underside where you can see it 's white there now , but again , it will dry clear . and , once he dries , now you have your spider on the base of your spider web for your necklace .
dRKRMZtRJBw i 'm linda black , we 're going to move into sun salutations , continue with that deep diaphragmatic breath that we started with and planting the feet firmly in tadasana . the arms are going to come overhead just like we did in angel arms . this time you 're going to dive forward , hinging at the waist . now if you 've got tight hamstrings , go ahead and bend the knees to bring the hands all the way to the floor ; nice , to ease that pressure . inhale to a flat back , placing the hands on the shins . it 's important here not to lock the knee , so keep them , the shin , energy slightly drawing forward and then take the crown of the head towards the front of the room . draw the shoulders back , as you pull the spine in towards your core . you 're going to hold that just for an inhale , on the exhale , let the head come back down towards the floor and rounding the back , that 's just very relaxed through the shoulders and the head . to come up out of this position , bring your arms alongside the torso , flat back , strong abdominals and then inhale , lift all the way to standing , arms coming overhead again again in that angel arms . exhale hands to your heart . we 'll do three of those , so repeating arms at your side , inhale reach overhead , exhale dive forward with a flat back , very smooth , excellent , like you 're diving off a cliff . inhale to a flat back . again remember keep that knees unlock and soft . exhale round it down and in . especially coming up , it 's nice to soften the knees or even bend them a lot . arms alongside the torso , coming through a flat back , stronger the anabaena , arms overhead . exhale hands to your hear . you can repeat that twice more .
bkO4oqs5lxA what i 'm going to be demonstrating here is the incline angled dumbbell curl . so you 're at an incline on the bench . and the reason why it 's called angled is instead of laying your arm all the way down , it 's going to be angled . you pretty much want your arm leveled to the side of your body . which is a little bit more difficult than your normal inclined dumbbell curl . you want to bring up the weight , flex the bicep , stretch it out . again when you stretch it out you keep it at an angle , you do not want your elbow to go past the side of your body . so you want to alternate it , just continue that motion , flexing the bicep , stretching it out , keeping it at an angle . you do not want it go past your body . if it did it would go like this and you 're completely changing out the workout . then you want to switch it , again keep it at an angle . flex the bicep , stretch it out , keeping it at the correct angle . and you want to do about three sets , to about eight to ten reps each arm . and that 's your incline angled dumbbell curl .
1bW7yGVA6GA hi , my name is lanie mccormick . i 'm a fine art photographer in austin , texas . i 'm here to show you how to set up a dark room on behalf of expert village . in setting up your dry workstation in your darkroom , you want to have a workbench set away from your wet area . you are going to house your enlarger here , timer , your safe light and any other printing supplies that you 're going to need . you 're also going to house your paper in this area . you 're definitely going to want one of these , your dry station ; it 's a perfect tool for context sheets . they 're easy to make . all you need is a piece of glass or plexiglass and a piece of foam board . you use these to make your context sheets . it keeps the negatives flat , inexpensive and very important .
2PToo8wW3gY hi , i 'm emily larew , here to teach you an advanced tap combination . you could actually use this piece , i 've actually choreographed it to christina aguilera 's `` candyman '' , but again , feel free to take these tap steps and use it to whatever song you would like to use it to . so let 's get started on the first count of eight . so we turn around . we 're going to start with our right foot in a stomp . so five , six , seven , eight . stomp , hop shuffle , step , step . then you 're going to do a flap ball change . you ready , try it again . five , six , seven , eight . stomp , hop shuffle , step . actually then from there , i want you to do a ball change left right . ball change , we 're going to do a flap ball change . flap ball change , flap ball change . do it one more time . five , six , seven , eight . stomp , hop shuffle , step , ball change . so did you see how i transferred my weight there and i went the ball change back front ? so stomp , hop shuffle , step . go back for a ball change , then your left foot is free and you 'll know to use that one for your flap . flap ball change , flap ball change . left foot goes , you 're going to repeat it for five , six , seven , eight for stomp , hop shuffle step , right , left . now your right foot is free . flap ball change , flap ball change . let 's do it . ready ? five , six , seven , eight . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . great work .
cX9SbizIGGU hi , i 'm jason with redrum studios . today , we 're making the patch for our pants and we 've stretched the top so far . we 're going to stretch the bottom . it 's just exactly the same thing as you did up there . however , it 's comfortable for you . put your fingers down to hold this up here , and the reason i 'm making , i 'm just i 'm feeling right here to see if this pin is going to be pulled out . i do n't need to actually stabilize it with my hand . i just want to make sure it 's not pulling out . if it pulls out i can start to feel it and then i can push my pin back down in . but we 're not pulling tight enough that it 's going to do that so i just pull straight down until once again i , the material is just doing what it wants and there 's creases over here , that 's nice and tight up to where the pens going to go in this line . this is all extra . so as long as you 've got extra and it 's holding down on your board and go ahead and tack where your thumb was and put a push pin . okay , now you 've got three sides . the fourth one is a little bit trickier but we 'll go through it next .
F4kX0HR-ntw mike lopez : hi . i 'm mike lopez with expert village , and today we 're going to be discussing the black color from `` magic : the gathering '' . and now i 'm going to discuss `` stronghold discipline '' . `` stronghold discipline '' is a powerful sorcery out of your basic set and it is an uncommon . it costs you 2 and 2 black to play and has been around since the beta release . what this is stronghold discipline , when you pay 4 , each player loses 1 life for each creature he or she controls . so , the reason this is very powerful is because you are running up against a person who has a lot of creatures i.e . an elf , goblins , zombie , kithkin deck or faerie means that you can cause them to lose 1 life , which means that if they are losing 1 life that means it can not be prevented . you can not prevent loss of life . so , this card in essence ( if they have so many creatures ) , can effectively kill them off due to loss of life , which can not be prevented . this is why this card is powerful .
Bn3I_JD7Ek4 hi i 'm allison from imagiknit in san francisco . i 'm going to show you a very basic cable . cables can be very complicated or very basic depending on the type and they can use a different number of stitches . we are just going to use four stitches total . i have knitted a few rows already so we have something to work with although you do n't have to do that it just makes it easier . so take your cable needle and we are going to move two stitches from the left hand needle on to the cable needle . you can either move them to the back of the needle or to the front , we 'll just do it to the front this time then knit the next two stitches on the left hand needle and then we will place the two stitches that we put on the cable needle we 'll place those back on the left hand needle , remove our cable needle and then we 'll knit those stitches now from the left hand needle . once we have knitted those we have crossed two stitches over the top of the back two . once you 've done a few more rows this becomes much more obvious visually so here is an example of a cabled scarf , right here is where they cross over , the two stitches cross over the front and then the work continues up and then we cross these two over these two and this is what makes the cable . it is a very simple maneuver but looks very nice and complicated .
eEvGiFhusJ0 this is rachel , with nutrolution , in miami beach , florida . in this clip , we 're talking about diets for hormonal imbalances . so , there 's all different kinds of hormonal imbalances that exist , and a lot of them come , or manifest in the form of a hormonal cancer . but if you do know that you have any kind of hormonal imbalance i recommend , number one , that you really , really work to eliminate your sugars . so , sugar actually causes the body to secrete insulin , and insulin is kind of a master hormone in your body , and when your insulin levels go high it ends up throwing off all the rest of the hormones in your body , including your reproductive hormones , so that 's number one . another huge tip that i have for you is to really work to eliminate something called xenoestrogens from your diet . so , most people when they have hormonal imbalances end up with much higher estrogen levels than they should , and part of the reason is because of all the xenoestrogens in our in our world . xenoestrogens are all kinds of different chemicals , but the most kind of common ones that come in the diet are pesticides in your fruits and vegetables , and some of the antibiotics and hormones that come in your dairy , and your poultry , and your meat . so , working on cutting all those things out by going organic is a great place to start , as well as cutting out those sugars . this is rachel , in miami beach , florida , with nutrolution .
D0_ORkiDDgY ok , so here we are , keeping in mind that you have to use your foot . or the bass notes . that 's imperative here too . so the simple part we 're going to do with our feet . and that 's playing just the scale . with our hands you 're going to be adding notes and playing chords . but just remember to use your foot . so here i 'm just going to show you how to use your left foot to play the c sharp major scale . now , as you can see we 're kind of limited well on , to the range of the scale here . so when you 're playing in different keys you may need to change your position of it . i 'll give you an example . here we are on c sharp . now for me it 's comfortable to go to c sharp right here . but if i were in a , or i 'm sorry , or a g i would have to , i would n't want to go all the way over . so i would come back down and come back up . so here we go . just using as an example when you play and practice on you own in different keys , it 's ok to use what 's left at , of the scale at the top , to bring it down at the bottom so you do n't run out of space . so here we go back at , in c sharp . so that 's just an example of what i 'm going to be doing with my foot .
bpwRBF-UmEs hi , we 're back here trying to learn how to use the tarot cards . and my guest marybeth murphy is now going to teach us to review the ace and the 2 through 10 of one of the arcana . yes , it 's one of the sets of the four that we 've just talked about . we 're going to stay focused on the coins . but each set whether it be the wands , the swords , the cups , or the coins , has the ace , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , and 10 cards . so you have four different groups and each group has an ace , 2 through 10 card . also i wanted to let everyone know that the book that comes with the tarot cards will review what each card means and before they move into each card , it 's going to show you , it 's going to tell you what the cups mean or the coins . this time we 're staying with coins , which dealt with business and prosperity , tangible , accomplishments , that type of thing . so , the first group of cards or the first card that we 're going to deal with in the coin set is the ace . the ace deals with new beginnings . now you 're dealing with coins , so that 's business , or tangible , possessions , anything in monetary . coins think of money . so ace is a new beginnings , it could mean the beginning of a new business . you have 2 , 2 is duality or balance , it might be better to balance your business or balance your business skills . something along that , but that 's a 2 , is duality and balance . three is bending and growth . blending and growth . four is a solid foundation ; it 's dealing with solid foundations . five is upsetting the balance . six is reestablishing balance . seven is awareness ; being aware . eight is evaluation . nine is conclusions . and ten is completion , begin again . we 're going to move into the rest of those ; the page , the knight , and the queen and the king in just a moment . coming up next .
1EidpMNIaJE all right , the drink we 're about to make is called lager & lime . now , this is going to be very difficult to remember , so try to keep up . we 're going to start off with our lager , and go ahead and pour twelve ounces of beer into a glass . you probably want to do a frosted glass , if you have it available , and you 're going to want to stick with the lager beer , or at least a pretty light beer , when you do this , so we 've got twelve ounces of lager , and now , we are going to add two ounces of lime juice . lager and lime , what do you know ? so let 's go ahead and squeeze in two ounces , and obviously , you can do more or less , depending on how much you like the taste of lime in your beer . there we go.go ahead and pour that in , and let 's give it a little mix . that should do it , and you 're not going to want to let this drink sit around for very long , because the lime juice will actually separate , after a little while , and go ahead and give it a , well , let 's set it up here . give it a lime , and you 've got a nice summer beer to enjoy . bottoms up .
EA5TtaqpJ9w coach rudy here , just studying a little bit . i 've won a couple of championships , both as a coach and a player . and , you know , a lot of this stuff is based on personnel , specifically the one-three-one , or the thirteen zone defense , is designed to do a couple things . one is to stop the outside shot , the other is to create chaos for guards that do n't dribble that well , alright . this is a trapping defense . let me show you the action . here 's the guard at the top , here 's our three defender 's , and here 's the underneath guy . now , you have to have athletes in order to really run this defense . it 's really , really important . alright , here 's what i mean by that . ball comes down , goes here , alright , this is a trap situation between those two players . same thing , ball goes here , trap , trap here between these two guys , alright . some reason ball gets to the corner , this guy 's got to fly to get there , and this guy 's got to cut off the base line and any penetration there . this guy 's flying here , alright , and this guy 's got the back side , ok. now , the vulnerable part of this is if , for some how , they skip the pass all the way over to here , then these guys have to fly to get there . this guy 's base line to base line on both sides , free throw , foul line extended . he 's got to get there , alright , so , if the ball 's here , this guy 's flying , this guy 's flying , this guy 's here , this guy 's here , this guy 's here . quick ball reversal will really hurt this defense . so everyone 's got to be aware , locked in to their situation , knowing and anticipating , first of all , that the interior is very weak here . you 've only got one guy here at the free throw line , and one guy underneath . this defense is designed to stop the outside shot . from corner to corner , right , foul line extended out , i 'm sorry , foul lane extended this way , and free throw line extended this way , these guys have to be flying , alright . so , again , ball goes to the corner , this guy 's flying here , this guy 's flying here . ball reverses , this guy 's flying here , this guy 's flying here , he 's dropping here , he 's dropping here . anything on the top , these two players have to be able to shut it down . alright , so anything from here to here has to be shut down , and this guy 's got to be so big in here , we ca n't allow anything in here , alright . these two guys have to shut all of this down , and this guy 's got to shut this down , this guy 's got to shut this down . so the weak spots are here and here . got to be aware of that when you 're playing a one-three-one . if you 're playing against a team that can shoot it well from outside , one-three-one is what you want to run .
b9zJhvHGxyk my name is kristy i 'm working at the curves in west jordan utah . we are talking about weight loss tips . a really good way to lose weight sometimes is a support group . having friends to do it with you , family members or even joining the support group . at curves we do offer nutrition classes , that is a group of ladies that are all the same goal , we meet once a week and we talk about suggestions for each other . tips on different salad dressings we 've used that are lower fat that taste better . just to have a group of women doing it with you or even friends , or a spouse , someone that 's there to support you that knows what you are going through . and can help you through it and you can help them . so you know if you want to find one you can bring a friend if not if you do go to a facility like curves or other facilities they do offer support groups where you can do it with a group of friends and you can all lose weight together . another part of our support group is we , with these ladies on the wall , they make a paper doll that resembles themselves and if they come to curves at least three times a week through the busy summer where a lot of people make it , find it hard to work out , they stay in our camp and we keep track of them call them let them know that we are , they have n't hit there three times a week that week . and there 's different ways to we support our ladies through exercising three times a week .
5cL0jx81tIo on behalf of expertvillage.com my name is don with friendly computer 's and i 'm here to talk today about buying used computers . now , one thing we 've stressed continuously is the used computer market is definitely a buyer be aware kind of market . one of the big things i really want to caution everybody about is making sure that the computer you 're purchasing has legitimate legal licensed software . one way you can tell is on any xp or above machine , there will be a product key sticker for a microsoft similar to this one that 'll actually have the version of the software that 's licensed and everything . if you 've got that then you know that your operating system is good . beyond that if it has additional software installed on it , the owner should be able to provide you with the discs and or the product keys that were used to install that software . running illegal software is something that can cause a lot of problems and at some point microsoft can shut down some of the function . so rather than having to spend more money later to update the software to get it legal make sure it 's legal from the start . another thing i want to warn you about is that if you have the opportunity try to get a professional to look at the machine if you 're not sure about it . most computer shops have a reasonable fee , then you can bring in a used computer and just have them do an overall system check , make sure things are running okay . it may cost a little bit up front but it may save you a ton of money from making mistakes . also , remember if you buy a used computer it is used , therefore it 's going to need a little tender loving care . the first thing you might want to do would be to open it up and clean the dust out of the inside . you want to make sure that you 're running disk fragmentation . make sure and put a good virus program on it and when you do that let the program do a complete scan of the drive . do these things to make sure that it is ready to go from the start and it would be equipped to serve you a lot longer than if you neglect them . always remember to perform basic maintenance and basic cleaning on any machine , even a new one on some kind of a schedule . with an old one just make sure it 's a little more frequent and it 'll last a lot longer .
_bQOFYRwazE hi , i  m scott reil and on behalf of expertvillage.com , i  d like to talk to you about perennial gardens . often when i see people with perennial gardens and they ask me ,  why doesn  t my garden look like the ones in the magazines ?  there is one real basic cause . it  s because they  ve tended to buy their plants one at a time when they see a plant that they like and then they come home with a pot in hand and they look around and they just stick it in the first available spot in the dirt that looks like it will fit . that  s not the way to get a really great looking perennial garden . mine started off with a basic plan and just a rough drawing , i  m not talking an architectural to scale drawing here , you just need to start with some basic ideas of how much space you have , how many plants you want to fit into that space , and how it  s all eventually going to lay out . and here  s a couple of things to keep in mind . how big is that plant eventually going to get . now a lot of people would buy this little nepeta plant in little small one gallon pot and think that  s how big it gets but this thing gets to be three feet across , it really spreads out . so know how big that plant  s going to get before you put it in the space . the other things to think about are , how are my plants going to look together when they are out of flower ? perennial gardens tend to come in and out of flower at different times of the season with different things . so the foliage is an important thing to think about when you  re doing your layout too , contrast your low or horizontal plants with more vertical spiky plants to help give you a different look even when things aren  t in flower . our final thing to think about when you are laying out your garden is even though it  s a perennial garden it needs some bones for some other part of the year and structures . like garden structures that my clematis is growing on and shrubs like the holly over here , add bones to the garden that are there even in the winter months when everything else is asleep and beneath the snow . so remember , thinking a little bit beforehand about your garden layout is going to make your perennial garden a year around success .
auG4RRHPrAM other example i can show you right here in lamoush pattern these cups and saucers can vary in price a clean lamoush moss rose tea cup and saucer can cost you anywhere from 10- $ 25 . this one is $ 12.50 so there 's a range depending on the condition so that 's the cup and saucer . we 'll find an example that i have here just a handless cup and it has blue on it and here in cobalt blue you have a gold band but this is the handless cup and saucer . this one has quit a bit of crazing in it and some discoloration but this is an iron stone base and you 'll find that these can vary . this because of the discoloration this is an early 19th century cup and saucer and it 's priced at $ 22 so there 's an earlier cup and saucer . it does have discoloration so the condition here is affecting the price and it 's an early handless cup and saucer but it has conditions to consider in the price . so that 's a $ 22 handless cup and saucer another example i can show is a covered vegetable bowl like this there vary depending on the pattern and the condition this iron stone the top has a repair on it . i 'm going to show you right here is going to affect your price greatly the top has been reglued on so this is something to consider also there 's some discoloration in here . but you have the right cover for the right piece but this will cost you $ 35 with the reglued top on it . it 's a nice piece that you can actually use but it does have damage so that 's going to affect the price . it gives you a little range to think about a piece like this is whole depending on the maker can cause you from anywhere from $ 50- $ 200 so there 's a huge range depending on the pattern and the condition and the age so those are all things to consider . it 's just not one thing to think about when your thinking about pricing iron stone so this is all things to think about when your collecting a certain pattern . you might want to look at the price range because some patterns can be a lot more money than others so you need to think about how much it 's going to cost you an investment when you go out to collect iron stone .
bUksVRtv5Yo 1950s easy , easy to do here for men we 're going to start it off with your basic high school letterman sweater kind of fellow . as you can see , we 've chosen a tee shirt here with a v-neck and if you have the chose i will try to do a v-neck verse a curve neck . they 're going to be a little bit more period for you . you as well can do a polo shirt or a men 's button up shirt as well . always remembering that pink was wonderful in the 50 's and if you have that chose i would suggest going with a lovely pink shirt . easily make something like this at home finding yourself a button up sweater . try not to find pull over but a button up is better and then simply just making any kind of letter that you want out of a piece of felt either gluing it on or stitching it on whatever your preference of chose is and that 's an easy fix for a letterman sweater . you can finish it off with a pair of jeans and as well a pair of either black calf boots which are very period for that time period or a pair of high tops or kid like sneakers or if you have them bowling shoes , those are always a good look as well for this time period . rolling the bottom of the pants is good a little detail to add as well and if think of it , i would suggest some kind of nice hair cut is appropriate for this time period . so , if you have it with in your means , cut your hair . definitely get the nice clipper short style known for the 50s and there you have an easy letterman 50s attire to wear to any type of event that might call for that . another easy , easy look to do is the bad boy of the 50s . marlon brando and a few other fellows brought this look meaning very popular grease as well kept us very much in the spirit of the greaser . so , let me show you that very easily to accomplish . you 'll certainly want to do it with a pair of jeans rolled at the bottom , a pair of calf boots are as definitely a feature though it can done with a pair of kids . try not to do a pair of bowling shoes with the greaser look not quite appropriate definitely the white tee shirt . you want to make sure to keep the v-neck as well and then of course adding the leather jacket always a must for every greaser not jean but leather . you can do the leather style in two different ways . you can do it as seen here as a slim no pocket narrow style collared with a long waist or you can do a more of a waist chain zipper leather jacket as well . both are appropriate but to show you the most popular hair style of the 50 's , we 're going to show you the pompadour with a little bit of the duck back . to start it off , you want to make sure that the hair is heavily gelled and what not you want to make sure that you use a thick heavy weight gel as well . so , that it acts very much like the gel of the time period . you also want to use perhaps a round brush . you can use just a regular brush or a comb whatever you have lying about if you have a chose try to use a round comb . this will help over extend and enhance your pompadour in the front . so , once you have gotten your front section there , you want to pull it forward to redirect to give yourself some excellent height and with that add some heat . everything can be accomplished with a little bit of the right tools . so , just remember when you 're working with the blow dryer and the hair to keep it rolling both making good pompadours in the front alright let 's spend you around cody . now , let 's work on the back . this is our duck tail . you want to make sure that you have all those little hairs all gelled up with your nice thick gel . so , you leave all that hair right down the middle bring the stuff to the side . making a nice duck 's butt in the back . of course keeping the comb for your back pocket to add a photo opts to give you the nice slick back look is an excellent prompt to bring with you , wallet chains or something that was around as well and yeah i think that would finish you off for a wonderful greaser look .
1zonilyxIlw a great feature that the iphone has built in is its own mail client . with this software you can check your e-mails , write e-mails , respond to e-mails , anything that you want to do as far as e-mails . it 's right there on the bottom right , it says mail , and has a little envelope . we 'll click that . one of the things that you want to do is go into your settings , and you can set up your type of account . the iphone responds to several different famous clients right now . i have this one set up with gmail . you can also set it up with pop3 accounts , which are your corporate , or business e-mails if you have your own url . it says inbox , sent and trash , and we 'll click inbox . it will load several e-mails that we 've had in here , whether they 're new or old . just like you check your e-mail on your computer , you can double click on whatever you want and it will load it in there , pictures and all . we 'll go back one , go to another e-mail ; we 'll just click this one for now . we can scroll through , and there 's our message . if we want to respond to something we click the hyperlink , and it will bring up our new message box . in here , we can type whatever we wanted to type to whomever we want to send it to . we 'll get out of this , we 'll cancel . no , i do n't want to save the message . we 'll go back to the inbox , and then we 'll go back to the mailboxes . if we want to go through and see what 's in our trash , or if we want to go through and see messages that we 've previously sent , this is the way to do it . once you 're done , click our menu button and it takes you back . those are the basics of mailing , receiving , pretty much anything that you want to do with e-mail .
awAgKdWZxkc hi , i 'm gary for expert village . let 's see how we can change the look of the label if we need some extra formatting . we see here on our page that we have one side . the border is very , very narrow and the other border is very , very wide . so what we would want to do is close this merge document . we are not going to save it because i do n't like the way it looks . i do n't know how it is going to print . i am going to go back in my master document and in my wizard , i am going to go back to where i can set the options for my labels . so i am going to go back and add label options and then when i selected my 51/60 size , i can go into details . now details will actually let me change some of the parameters on my label . so here you see where all the margins and the widths and the lengths of the label , everything is listed here . i can go ahead and change that . so let 's say my side margin , i want to increase it a little bit . you see that is actually being increased on the page as i type in a higher value . so i can go ahead and change the value of my margins and even my label height and sometimes you have to play around with it . sometimes it is best to print or just merge a few fields and print one page of labels to see how it comes out and then you will be able to go back into your master document and you can play around with the sizes . if you make the margins too big , then the program might tell you that you do n't have enough space to print the new dimensions that you 've set . you 've made them too wide . so you really have to play around with the sizes to get it to where it fits each record . the names and addresses being printed on to the actual label . so i opened up my margins a little bit and once we do that and hit okay , that is obviously going to be a different size than the standard . so we create a different name , a custom name . we see that i have mailing label custom so it also good if i want to go back and i know that i have this problem . i do n't have to go and reconfigure my labels each time . i can just go ahead and do my mail merge with my custom settings . so then i go ahead and hit okay and that should help us get around any kind of errors that we might have with misprinting with the text actually in the single labels .
-eaisNdrTS4 let 's take our basic egyptian walk and travel in a circle with it . so let 's start with the footwork . right foot , left up on toe . left , right on toe . make sure you 're putting pressure on that ball of that foot . so it 's going to be ; step , touch , so arms just out , palms down facing away from the body . we call this a low ibis arm . step , touch , step and touch . and as you touch you 're going to lift that hip . step , touch . good . so we 're going to travel to the right , so we 're going to step out with the right foot and feet together , step back with the left foot , feet together , step , together , step , together . so we 're hitting the four corners of the room . let 's try it again . ready and turn , step , together , step , hip , step , hip , step and hip . good . try the other direction , stepping left foot . left , hip , step , face the back , step , face the side and step , face forward . good . you want to make sure that everytime you turn , that your knees line up in the same direction , so that our knees are n't going in two different directions . you want to keep your body nice and align .
apw8ZOWok64 we discussed the drop so let 's get to what happens if more than one person stays in . if only one person stays in , they actually take down the pot but most of the time more than one person is going to be in . so let 's say we said 1 2 3 drop and nobody dropped their cards , what do we do ? we all flip over our hands . now you can do it and say everybody has to flip over their hands at the same time or you can say no let 's not do it that way . but now we look at the given hands and decide who wins the pot . most of the time high cards will be the best hand . the best possible hand is a pair of aces no such thing as a straight or a flush in this game so nine two is right out , ten nine is out , queen five is out and king eight takes the pot .
3Xl_WO_jbkk randori is a great exercise to learn about who you really are . it 's not just about the physical , beating the person into the mat , and i see , i have a lot of people criticize or comment on what i do is too rough , too physical . and it 's not harmony . well , you can say that while you watch , but it 's an entirely different thing to get out here and do this . and yeah , it may be rough , and it may be physical , but the truth of the matter is when you 're pushing yourself physically that much , you 're really learning about who you are . how much do you have left , what do you got ? do you have what it takes to continue through , even though three people are jumping on you as hard as they can , punching you in the ribs , grabbing you , putting you on the ground . do you have what it takes to do everything you can in your power to stand back up and continue on ? do you have that ? i do n't know , that 's the only thing that you can answer yourself . randori is a great exercise for that . but getting into randori , that 's the easy part . the randori itself is the easy part . getting there is the hard part . we do an exercise called dai ashi , which is crucial timing . or very important timing . and the idea behind it is that , if i have three attackers , they jump up , and they have to take me down right now . that 's their only job . they rush me , basically football tackling . and i have to learn how to get passed that without getting creamed into the ground . very , very difficult . for safety sake , and for sake of purpose of this demonstration i 'm going to talk about this . the idea behind dai ashi , is that we sit here , the instructor says , hajime , and they jump up and they come after me . i ca n't be where they think i 'm going to be . i have to maintain the line and hold the line , and make them think i 'm going to be here when i 'm really going to be somewhere else . hajime . here . two people going slow , it 's not so difficult . you get three people going full speed and i 'll tell you what , it 's an entirely different experience . it 's something i think everyone should do , i really do . one of the things that i 'll do is you always cut to the outside . as they come up to grab , i will cut down on the outside of the person 's arm where there 's a pressure point and i hit that point to weaken the body as i move through . some of the mistakes i 've seen and when people stay right here and do this and they get run over or they get the person swinging around and grabbing them .
_25g_LipNzE often times with multiple dogs in a household you can have a increase of reactivity and that could also increase a barking activity . barking is something that can be very annoying , it is a natural behavior in dogs , it is not a unnatural behavior but it could become a natural behavior if it is encase of a dog who is bored , unmotivated , unstimulated and left to just bark his head off all day long . you can actually have this behavior happening in a single dog household but it could certainly increase in a multiple dog household because if one dogs sounds off at something another dog might pick it up and so on down the long depending on how many dogs you are living with . besides training so there is actually training you can do more difficult when you have multiple dogs because you are not necessarily know which dog is starting the barking but you can work with individual dogs and teaching them quiet commands . you can certainly keep your dogs well exercised and mentally and physically stimulated so they are not just looking for something to amuse there selves but in situations where you do n't know which dog is causing the barking or there is one particular dog and you tried other methods of training then there is something called a bark collar a citronella bark collar which is a non punitive means of versa conditioning for the dog teaching them that barking causes a unpleasant reaction .
Bq4cn0TGV9I hi , in this segment we 're going to look at some moxibustion that we can do for self care for menstrual cramps . it 's an extremely common problem and i often times recommend the number one way to fix menstrual irregularities , is to stop coffee , but that 's another segment . we 're going to start with large intestine four , which is right here on the hand between the thumb and the forefinger . and , we 're going to warm the moxibustion gently above the skin , so that we do n't burn anybody . this one , we say , moves the liver cheek . then we 're going to look for the point ren four , it 's right here on the center line , half way between the pubic bone and the belly button . and , again warmth , this is especially good for women who enjoy heating pads or hot water bottles when their having their menses . and , then we 're going to move down here on the leg and there 's two points we can do down here . the first one is here between the big toe and the next toe . it 's just like on the hand , this is liver three . this one combines with the one on the hand , in order to help move the live chi , which we say relates to the menses . and , then there 's a point here , that if we go on the side of the foot , there 's the ball of the foot , we 're going to slide down and just kind of press on that and you 'll find where it runs into a tendon or a little bone there , and we 're going to warm that spot and if we warm that spot long enough , you 'll actually start to feel some warmth in your low back , or in the lower abdomen or the uterus . we can do these on both sides . this point exists on both this side and this side . so , as one point starts to get warm , just switch over to the other foot . and , continue to do that until you find some change . mostly this is used when you 've actually started your menses and you 're starting to get some pain , discomfort or cramps . you can do these points . so , it 's spleen four , liver three , ren four and large intestine four , all of those in combination can really help take care of some of the problems with your menses .
1nGl_Zl6zvw let 's talk now about how to change the hook on a lure . most of your lures , especially ice fishing jigs , have a metal ring at the end of them and that 's how the hook goes on . lures always come with a hook , but sometimes it 's not the hook you want . for example , some , most come with a treble hook , but in some states using a treble hook with bait while ice fishing is illegal , so with those you 'd always want to change them out . in other states there are n't regulations like that , but you might still want to change them for other reasons . so i 've got a single hook on this lure right now . what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to change it to a treble hook . i 'm just going to put my nail , my thumbnail into that ring , bend it apart and now i 'm going to start the hook that i want to take off backwards . so that 's going there . while i do that i 'm going to insert the treble hook at the same time and then simply just wind everything back to me . the treble hook , as you can see , is going to be pushing the single hook that i want to take off , and i 'm just going to continue that until the single hook comes off and now i 've got my treble on my lure .
Dtpr8bGUuAQ hi my name 's allen for expert village , and today i 'm going to discuss the controversial and banned alcohol , commonly known as absinthe . so still shaking it up every once in a while when we added the new pack of herbs to it over last two days . everything is pretty much set and ready to go . now the last little pack of herbs that was included and that we put through this , really gave it its final flavor , which added a lot of mint type flavor and things like that . it also gave its very , very bright green color which is really come to known as absinthe really looks like . it is still very bitter . they do recommend maybe putting in corn syrup or honey . things like that . depending on how you want to serve it . now if you serve it the french way , with the sugar cube , which is the way i 'm going to do it , you 're not going to add the honey and things like that . it really does n't specify how much , so if you want to play around with it , see if you like it or whichever way you want to do it , that 's totally up to you . now i 'm just going to ahead and take out this final packet of herbs that we used . so i 'll just go ahead and find it in here , grab it , squeeze it out a little bit . get all of those final juices out . and the next stage after this is going to be the filtering stage , the micron filter stage , to get out all the additional impurities . things like that . so if you wanted to , you could also do the things with the vodka we did before . pour it over it , and just get the rest of the juices out . i 'm just going to squeeze it out ; i think that 's enough . we 've got enough alcohol in this already . so we just squeeze it . it 's almost like the tea bag type idea , and we can put it right in there .
3ZcL0hpPE_Q tina stull : hi . i 'm tina stull and i drive the top dragster for interstate batteries . on behalf of expert village , today we 're going to talk about the basics of racing . and another class is top dragster . it 's not contested at the national level , but that 's the category that i 'm running or the class i 'm running this year . i run super comp as well as top dragsters . the main difference between the two classes is that top dragster no longer has that 8.9 second limitation . you can run as fast as you want and they pick a qualified field . so , when you do your qualifying runs , you do qualify by speed . and so if they have a limited class , say 32 cars at a certain event or 64 , you 're going to be ranked from the fastest time down to the slowest time . and , if there are more cars in the qualified field , you will not contest for the first round , you 'll be out before the racing gets started . the nice thing is that these cars can go anywhere from well over 200 miles/hour or down to about 80 and still be able to participate . and this class , as it becomes more popular , is getting more aggressive , the times are coming down . the longer that this class has been competing , the faster the times have been , and so that magical number that allows you to be able participate keeps getting faster and faster . these cars are very competitive ; the only major difference between say super comp and this class is that now , if you 're going over 200 miles/hour , in this class you need to wear a hans device . it 's basically a restraining device for cars that are going over 200. top dragster , top sportsman , any of these cars that go over 200 miles/hour , they 're going to be required a competition eliminator , it also has that same requirement for cars that are going faster . this class is a handicapped class and so they are -- you 're going to tell them what you 're planning on running . when you start getting in competition and then the tree will be adjusted to it , just like they do in the other classes . so , the qualifying is based on speed but it 's really -- the winning is going to be based on consistency . the next one would be top sportsman . top sportsman is basically the super gas where they 've taken the restrictions off of it . top sportsman is the door car category and you 're allowed to run whatever speed you want . there are very few modifications that are not allowed on that one . it 's an all out and you 're going to be handicapped on that . it 's just basically one of the sportsman classes that had the restrictions of the time taken off of it . it 's quite similar to top dragster .
525Qil2bMho in this clip of warrior training , i 'm going to explain what the warrior burst is . the warrior burst is a drill that i do for approximately one minute where you utilize all the techniques that you know in the heavy bag . and what that does is it conditions you again to react without thinking . so one of the things that we do is we punch , we kick , we look at the heavy bag as an assailant . somebody is assaulting us and we need to just gear up all of our energy in our burst , that 's the warrior burst . `` sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh ; sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh , sshh '' . we practice that for one minute .
dGD6XjRUQho on this clip we want to talk about the things you want to take when you do a day hike . when you are overnight snow shoeing it is a good thing sometimes to set a base camp and then do your day hikes from there and that way you are not having to break camp and carry so much gear around with you . it is winter time , snow on the ground , a lot of things can happen so you want to make sure that you have covered all the bases for safety as well as the comfort and convenience for your walk . first of all you want to layer your clothing . when you are hiking you will probably just need a light layer of clothing , just one or two layers because you do n't want to build up a sweat , then your layers are moist and then you are going to be colder . you will need extra layers as the weather can change very quickly , the temperature can drop rather rapidly and you are going to want to be able to adjust to keep your body warm by adding layers as necessary including a top layer which should be a water proof layer . take plenty of food with you . you are going to expend a lot of energy . so the food i am going to take is going to be quick and easy to eat and high energy food , high in carbohydrates . also you may need to take things like toilet paper and a trowel , a compass , a flashlight in an emergency where you might get stuck after dark that would be a very important thing to have . in here i have a lighter , a pocket knife , some chap stick and i keep them in a small diddy bag like this so they 're easily accessible . a map , it all looks the same up here in the snow sometimes and a map is going to come in real handy . if you have to do any kind of changing or if you want to sit down for a while a lot of times there is really no easy and comfortable place to sit down . these very lightweight closed cell foam pads are excellent in this size for just that purpose . it is easy for changing clothes , for sitting on and a host of other things . oh and of course one last thing , take a camera . it 's beautiful out here and you 're going to want to capture it .
1Vq_uqeckF8 okay , in this clip , we 're going to , i 'm going to show you how to portion the fish . this is a lot of fish . this filet probably weighs about three pounds . okay ? you ca n't eat that much fish . one person wo n't be served this much fish . so we 're going to take the fish and we 're going to cut it into , what i would consider equal portions . maybe what a chef would do in a restaurant and that 's how they would serve it to you . okay , the fish is not even as far as thickness . you have got the tail portion , the head portion and you have the thickness mainly in the middle . so what usually happens is they 're going to take a relatively smaller section off the tail . and you 're going to get about a six to eight ounce portion maybe is a good serving for someone . and that ? s a pretty , pretty uniform thickness . a little tapered off in the tail , but it 's a pretty uniform thickness . that will be one serving . what i always like to do is cut down the middle of the fish to basically split the rest of the filet in half . you can see it 's pretty thick , there 's about a good inch and a half thick . a lot of chefs are going to butterfly this open in some direction where you can still have a thinner piece of fish and they can get more out of their servings that way . okay . now , you basically have twice as much fish , half as thick . and you know could cut that in half and these would be two more portions . and this is not by any means exactly accurate the way you 're going to get it . a thicker filet , once again , i 'm going to cut it straight down . very thick filet , hard to cook evenly . we 're going to try to , just cut this butterfly this open to get two filets out of this . two more filets . okay ? do the same thing in the head area . and you do n't really want to waste anything because this fish is not cheap . natural resources getting harder and harder to come by . so , we are going to leave as much fish on here and throw as little away as we can . we want to sell this whole fish . we want to eat this whole fish . and now , we have two more filets . so out of one side , i believe i got six filets , six portions .
5ShtTFePfe8 hi , my name is shelby on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how to potty train today . in this segment i 'm going to discuss fun terms to use with your child when potty training . some good terms to use are : let 's go have fun in the potty , or let 's go pee pee or wee wee in the potty . use language that they use . get down on their level . talk like you 're a 3 year old if you 're going through potty training . it makes it more fun for your child and they get really into it when they 're potty training . some words you do n't want to use though are : icky , smelly , negative words . because everyone poops in the potty and you want to make that clear to your child that it 's a normal thing that mommy and daddy do , that your brother does or your sister , everyone does it it 's normal .
2ewppzvOz_M every st. patrick 's day party should have a nice signature drink , and i 'm going to demonstrate one here for you . i call it the 'smashed shamrock ' . get yourself a glass or a mixer . then add in some mojito mix , you can get this at many organic grocers or liquor stores , non-alcoholic , there 's no alcohol in here . so , you 're going to see , actually going to do an alcoholic and non-alcoholic version of this drink for you . after you 've entered in the mojito mix , this is where it starts to get a little non-mojito-ish . we 're going to add in some lime juice , about two parts mojito mix , one part lime juice , do n't overdo it , lime juice is , shall we say , potent . after you 've done your lime juice , four parts soda water . so we 're going to fill this up with soda water . so you 're going to fill this up a lot with soda water . there you go , near the brim , near the rim . now if this is going to be a non-alcoholic drink , you 're done , this is it , maybe put a couple of ice cubes in there , ready to serve . if you 're not , then we 're going to add in one part vodka . good . mix it up , shake it up , if you have a shaker on hand , otherwise , you 're ready to serve and you have a nice specialty drink . now you can make this in big batches , you do n't necessarily have to do this on a per glass basis , in which case i recommend having nice official shakers and mixers , or even like a pitcher where you can basically premix this before your party . that 's also a big help , saves you time , saves you effort , less time bartending , more time having fun , more time hosting . so keep this in mind before you have your st. patrick 's day party , before it 's underway , but i do recommend that having at least one signature drink is an extra great way for people to remember your party .
Bv89OyDGUcw what to wear while riding my motorcycle . very important to wear protective gear , while riding . obviously , common sense , if you go down , the only thing between the asphalt and your skin , would be whatever protective gear you 're wearing , so first thing , you definitely want to start off with , is a good quality helmet . this here , being a very high standard helmet , showing where it has a dot and a snell rating , which means it far exceeds the requirements for safety , on a helmet . this being a full faced helmet , it will protect your face , and your chin , and it has a retractable shield too , very important on the helmet choice . you always want to wear a good pair of gloves . the natural reaction , if you are ever to go down , would be to extend your hands , so having a good pair of gloves , will certainly protect your hands . you always want to wear long sleeves , long pants , long sleeve shirt at a minimum , but really the best choice , would be to wear a riding coat . most riding coats do offer some protecting gear , such as elbow pads , back protection , and for the warm weather , most of them do come vented , or removable liners . very important again , to wear protective gear while riding , and at the minimum , a good helmet , gloves , long sleeved shirt , and pants .
EyqaZcMHcD8 now you 've got your reed prepared to play and you 've got your mouthpiece and your ligature . it 's important to get these put together properly or else you 're going to have a real hard time playing . basically you take the reed , put it on the mouthpiece like so , ligature goes on , naturally mine always seem to have the tightening mechanism whatever it may be on the right hand side . on a lot of mouth pieces there 's a line where your ligature should sit . you 'll see it 's usually right behind where the part of the mouthpiece that goes in your mouth actually ends . it 'll be just a little bit past that and your reed needs to be exactly the same height in this case as the mouthpiece is . if you 're holding the mouthpiece like this , you want the reed to be right on the money . a good way to see this is to look down i guess the barrel of your saxophone and look across the top . you want to make sure that you just barely see any mouthpiece past your reed . if it 's a little bit too far , you have a hard time vibrating the reed . if it 's under the mouthpiece then it 's not going to vibrate at all . you 're going to be blowing wind directly through the mouthpiece without passing through the reed . you 'll know if you do n't have it when you ca n't play the sax . the important thing is to get it right on the money . it needs to be centered , left and right , and it needs to be right on the tip of the mouthpiece . then you tighten it down and you 're ready to go .
5m09skGmyiM so now it really is time to play the game 's . now as you can see i brought a selection of hats along with me . some of these are fairly fancy hats but they do n't always have to be . the first game is all about just wearing one single hat . i decided to be playing pass the clown hat . you might play it with a princess tiara . when the music begins , they pass the hat from one child to another and well of course when the music stops they simply put it on their head a becomes silly clown or a halloween witch or maybe a little christmas elf . you could give each child a little present as well according to what it is . if it 's christmas time you might want to give them little candy canes or a little christmas gift . it 's fun and the little children just love wearing them . so mom 's and dad 's , boy 's and girl 's , have a great time playing pass the hat .
5birbCBx8e8 so now we 're going to talk about how to fold a woman 's sleeveless blouse . and a lot of people see this and do n't think they have to bother folding it . i 'm going to to show you a couple things . one , you can fold it the way you do another shirt , you just make a smaller side fold cause you can see there 's not a sleeve to fold it on . so you just make a smaller one on the side like that , leaving room between that and the collar . and then i like because this is so small , i like to do three folds up because that really helps it keep its shape ; and so that 's one way to fold the shirt . and the for a shirt this small you can also do it the men 's t-shirt way . which is , just a quick half fold over and i like to do three folds up again on this one ; because you really want it to maintain its shape and we really want it to look good . but this way you ca n't really see the shape of the blouse as much so i do n't like it as much as i like the original folding way .
5JGzsCjpnfU hi . i just got my chicken dressing out of the oven . i have my other pan still over there . i 'm not going to eat both pans right away so i thought i would just bring the one . okay you see how this turned nice and golden on top ? around the edges , you know , the turkey may be sticking out , got a little crispy right there . but you can tell that 's all firm together . it 's not , you know , it 's not soupy , it 's not runny , it 's all come together as one mass , okay ? that 's what you 're looking for . you want it to look like this . like one piece . and it 's not giggly or anything like that . okay let me just spoon this out and get a good taste . oh the steams rising . this is great . okay , again , i 'm only tasting this for your benefit so i hope you appreciate my sacrifice . okay , let 's see . get a good bite . oh and i got a piece of turkey in there too . it 's hot , i 'm going to blow on it . my grandmother would be proud . my sister , too . this is so good . takes me back to being home . oh , a little homesick , too . it 's fantastic . i like how the celery and onion give it a little bit of texture . a little bit of crunch in there ? and the turkey 's a nice meat , a bite of meat in there . however the seasonings ? really worked out . be sure just to kind of eyeball in your hand and go along with what tastes good to you but i think i hit the nail right on the head with the seasoning . this is great .
aDPdgz5vzjo there are other areas besides south east which relate to wealth . and north west is one of them . so north west is the area of helpful people . so this is the energy of father of the family , patriarch . it could be woman too , but this means bread winner . someone who brings money into the house . so therefore it 's very important that this energy is not blocked . so the metal is the element there , so therefore a garage would be a pretty good placement there for example , because there is strong metal energy . another place which would be good is office or library for example . so where you could implement a strong male energy . so another thing you can do so creativity is just endless here , what you can do in the north west , you could create an alter or shrine where you can honor helpful people or helpful spirits or ancestors . whatever spiritual tradition you are kind of used to so that would be good to place something or someone that represents that energy . so for some people it could be buddha , for some people it 's shira , fro some people it 's just an angel or just if you are not religious , or religious or not spiritual there might be someone in your life who inspired you . so there might be some teacher or there might be some person that inspired you and you feel connected and you feel that this a , it changed your life so it would be good to create a place where we honor these people .
DuXMnK9gcrM let 's talk about omaha high-low . in omaha high-low , this is a split pot game where one player could win the high hand and one player win the low hand . in omaha high-low , you have to have five cards of eight or better , or eight or lower to win the low hand . this does not always happen , so you have to watch the five community cards that come out to make sure that there are at least three cards of eight or lower . let 's look and see how this game is played out . for the purpose of this game , i 've already dealt the four cards out to each player . these are also called the hole cards and i 've dealt them face up to explain this a little bit easier . once the four cards are dealt out , it 's followed by a betting round , and the dealer will burn one card and deal three cards to the board . these are the first three cards of the community cards . these are called the flop . like i mentioned already , in omaha high-low , you have to have three cards of eight or lower , so right now there 's not a low hand on the board . once the flop is dealt , it 's followed by a betting round and the dealer will burn one card and deal the fourth card to the community card , called the turn . as you can see , there 's still not three cards of eight or lower , so there 's still not a low hand on the board . once the turn has been dealt , a betting round follows . the dealer will burn the last card and deal the last card to the board , called the river . now , with the seven coming out on the river , this does give us three cards of eight or lower . therefore , there is a low hand on the board . if we look at this hand over here , this player has an ace-deuce . this is the best low hand that could be made with this board using the seven , five , four , two and ace . he would win half the pot , along with this player over here , who had pocket kings , who made trip kings on the turn . and that is how omaha high-low is played out .
2WCThEZgB9c begin in table position with your hands shoulder width apart , and directly beneath your shoulders , fingers spreading wide , tuck your toes under , and with your inhalation , lift your hips , lift your knees and stretch back through your legs in downward facing dog . take some full and long breaths here , and you can even like lean your hips to one side , stretching the left waistline , and then , lean into the left and stretch the right waistline . bring your hips back to center , and with your next inhalation , you 're going to step your right leg forward between your hands and come up onto your fingertips and just breathe fully . and then , inhale , place your hands on the earth and step back downward facing dog , and we 'll take the second side , left leg forward between the hands . keep the right thigh lifting way up towards the sky , and now , by pushing into your feet , so you root down into your feet , lots of stability there , hug the muscles to the bones of the legs and hug the legs toward the midline , so it 's like you are scissoring your legs together to create an even engagement of the muscles . from that hugging in , we 're going to extend to the back through the legs , so it 's like you 're reaching through the bones and stretch forward through your heart and then , step back downward facing dog .
d_YM02B-1w4 guidelines and scale of letters . well , every alphabet has its own set size . it 's going to vary depending on the tool that you 're working with . so , because i do n't know what size your tool is , i 'm going to come up with a guideline scale that you can make for yourself . so what you need to do is take your pen and make five marks , we call this a ladder , two ; three ; four ; five . it 's like you 're stacking the pen nibs five high . that is the height of the lower case letters . and then make another scale , one ; two ; three ; pen width size , and that is the top of the letters . now it 's important to remember that we 're going to be starting with the lower case letters . and the lower case letters fit within the guidelines in a way that we 'll probably make you remember what it 's like to be in kindergarten again . but , there are certain parts of the letters that fall within the lower case height , we call that x height and there are certain parts of the letters that fall below . and we need to be aware that the letters do n't all fit into uniform space . sometimes they 're in the ascenders space and sometimes the descenders space .
bRe9zdZ6Zlk so just with any of these other videos , you have to figure out how you 're going to learn the scratch . specifically with these videos , the rudiments are going to start getting faster and the rhythms themselves are going to start getting faster , so you 're going to need to be pretty in tune with your ear , and pretty in tune with the sample as a whole , because it 's going to be more and more difficult to just visually figure out the scratch . so you 're going to need to be , again , pretty in tune with how you listen to the sample and how you approach the scratch . for instance , let me show you . so if we 're working with a fairly complicated scratch , such as like a six note or eight note twiddle combination , you 're going to need to have a lot more background in how you work with the sample beforehand and how you actually articulate those things . so visually , things are going to help quite a bit , but to give you that extra edge and extra help learning a specific scratch , you 're going to need to have an aural understanding of what it 's supposed to sound like .
C9sEcNEZHgk as i said in prior segments , insomnia often has a different underlying cause where insomnia merely becomes , sort of , a symptom of the cause . people with obstructive sleep apnea often arrive in a sleep disorders office reporting insomnia or daytime fatigue . the insomnia is coming from the multiple awakenings that they are having during the night due to apneas and hypopneas . it 's not truly a case of insomnia . once all diagnostic tests are performed and reviewed , generally this can be shown to the patient and a different course of treatment can be taken that rarely has little to do with actual insomnia . people with depression and bipolar disorder , both treated and untreated , often experience forms of insomnia . it 's not uncommon , in the manic stages of bipolar , for a person to sleep very little or not want to sleep at all . even once the mania is treated , it 's not uncommon for the drugs that get used in that treatment to cause disruptions in sleep or cause a change in the quality of sleep . certain people with schizophrenia and older atypical anti-psychotics will have sleep issues or just feel that they do n't sleep as well as others . again , it 's a thing that 's hard to differentiate because you do n't always know what a schizophrenic patient is reporting . even the most lucid and medicated ones still may not have a good sense of what 's going on at night or why they 're sleeping poorly . people with restless leg syndrome , of course , generally are n't sleeping well even once they get to sleep because their legs are moving and twitching . they 're having issues and their bodies ca n't fully relax . so , it 's important to rule-out the causes of insomnia . thyroid issues can be a problem . women sometimes experience insomnia during pregnancy . it is important to rule-out these secondary causes of insomnia and treat them before treating a patient primarily with sedatives and other drugs that can cause physical and psychological dependence . it 's just more efficient to treat underlying problems and eliminate any sort of dysfunction that they 're creating in a patient 's life .
dAlxIDGsx9E hi , i 'm jason with red rum studios . we 're making the bracelet out of the waist band today . we marked the hole where the button 's going to go through . so we 're just going to wrap that back around our wrist again . and we 're going to put the hole , or the mark , right in the middle of . i do n't know if you can see that . right in the middle of the button . so as long as you , when you wrap it around , if the mark lands on the top of the button then you 've got your mark right . which we do . that means that we can this . we can either leave all this or take this off . i 'm going to take mine off right now , so i do n't have to keep messing with a lot of you know overlay when i 'm trying to put the studs and stuff in . so i 'm just going to cut off just a little bit more . probably about a half an inch . and i 'll probably need to cut some more , but we 'll start with that half an inch . and if you feel comfortable with it after you put it back on your wrist again , if you think you 're , you 've still got enough room . you see we 're really starting to loose . before we had like two inches of overlap , now do n't . so it 's looking a lot better . we 'll go an punch the hole for the snap next .
FLw50DWLb7g hi , i 'm april kirkhart , with work of heart yoga , and today i 'm going to be taking you through a sequence of yoga postures for senior citizens , or those who have limited mobility due to injury or just being less flexible . so , there 's a few props that you might want to have with you . here , we have a sticky mat to keep you from slipping . you may also want to have a bolster and a wool blanket ; something that 's a little stiffer for some support , and then also a sturdy chair that you can use on your sticky mat , and maybe brace against a wall . the one thing i want you to keep in mind is that yoga takes practice , and so , keep your expectations somewhat reasonable , and make sure that you also check with your health care provider before you begin any new physical activity , particularly for those who are recovering from surgery , have had any kind of serious injury , or any kind of serious medical conditions that might affect your practice . so again , your yoga practice is to bring you more openness , more strength , to help you work on your balance , and for you to enjoy , so make sure that you 're practicing safely , and that you check with your health care provider about any concerns you have in practicing yoga . thank you for joining me today .
DSfffYy1veg in this next segment on how to accompany yourself on piano , i 'm going to teach you about intervals . so , let 's come back to c. and , if i go a half step up from c we call that a minor second . listen to that dissonance . but , that dissonance is beautiful in the right context . if we go up a whole step , that 's a major second . minor third . major third . perfect fourth . listen to that , beautiful perfect fourth . this is called the tri-tone . and , it was actually though in the middle ages in europe to be the devil 's interval . because , it 's so dissonance . this is a perfect fifth , because it 's gorgeous . minor six . major six . minor seven . major seven . these are very jazzy , the sevens . and , our octaves c to c. if you can memorize these intervals , really get familiar with them . then , you 're really well on your way to learning chords .
E9FqmwFW6uY for kids ' safety , they may have to deal with a hair pull where somebody is grabbing their hair from behind . and , if that were to happen , we can utilize our entire body , turning and redirecting the energy to help us escape from them . so , as she grabs my hair , i 'm going to just use my hands to protect my own head . i 'm going to put them underneath as much as i can and go under or on top of her hand . holding my head tight and then , going either direction , i 'm just going to duck and twist until she lets go . most likely , this is going to happen from behind . so , as somebody grabs your hair , they might be trying to pull you back . you 're going to protect your own scalp , or your own head . put your hands there as tight as you can to your own head and then you duck and twist , whichever side you feel more comfortable going , always going towards the rear . and you keep ducking , you keep twisting until they have escaped . so , when you 're trying to keep yourself safe from a hair pull , you want to remember to keep the hair , your own hair , tight against your head , nice and firm . and then , you 're going to duck and you 're going to twist underneath their arms to help keep yourself safe from a hair pull .
dHdmBWP2z9s hi , my name is richard buccola and on behalf of expert village , today i 'm going to show you how to make bean burrito bites . we are going to start by chopping our jalapeo pepper . to deseed first we are going to take off the stem just cut the whole stem off and be careful with working with jalapeo . it is your first time you want to wear plastic gloves and wash everything you work with the jalapeo do not touch your eyes . please wash your hand thoroughly before doing anything . jalapeos bring a lot of heat when they are raw . so what i 'm going to do is cut this in half like so and what makes it really hard are these peppers . so again you are going to cut it again in half and we are just going to clean out and deseed the seeds . again it is the seeds that are very very hot . also i want to get out this whiteness and just cut that out as well and i 'm going to do that to all of mine peppers . again a nice slice removing this whiteness and getting rid of those seeds .
CcIs8kuqOfQ you want to make sure that you show up for your appointment a few minutes early because there should be some type of a release form for you to sign in case you have any allergic reactions . the allergic reactions are very minimum . the active ingredient is a dehydroxy acetone , is a self tanning agent also known as dha and there is a very small percent of chance that you might be allergic to this . maybe , if you are sensitive and if you have sensitive skin and you tend to be allergic to different types of lotions or self tanners , then maybe come in a week ahead of time and we 'll do a little test strand to make sure you 're not going to have any reactions . also if you do n't follow the procedures properly , the salon wo n't be held liable for any splotchy areas that you maybe have or if you 've used your moisturizer the wrong way . this also , dehydroxy acetone is the active ingredient and there 's a very small chance that someone might be allergic to this so not to worry but just be aware of this .
Enhria4v_jo hi , i 'm judy carrier with jewels by park lane and i 'm going to tell you how to clean your sterling silver jewelry . first of all you put a pot of water on to boil , just like you would if you 're having a baby in the old movies . get a glass pot or an aluminum pan , either one will work . if you have a glass pot or something just fill it , line it with aluminum foil , just plain old aluminum foil that you use on the turkey . and then take some baking soda and sprinkle it liberally over the foil . put your jewelry in there . set it in and then you pour the hot water over it . now it 's going to fizz up , smell kind of like rotten eggs , it 's not the nicest smelling . you let it sit there a while until it 's completely dissolved and you might want to shake the pan a little or just stir it to make sure that the baking powder is completely dissolved . and while that is cleaning , you might want to air out the windows or something , but open a window to get that smell out . but pour the water off when it 's quit fizzing and take it out , rinse it and pat it dry with a lint free cloth and your jewelry should look as good as new . i 'm judy carrier with jewels by park lane and that 's how you clean sterling silver jewelry .
adMkalTFbgc hi , this is sean hobson , and what we 're talking about right now is making sure that our forwards , whether they are the power forward or whether they are the small forward , they 've got stay active within the offense . they 've got to be able to move around and follow the ball , know where the ball is all the time . for one , they 're looking to get a shot , for two , they 're looking to keep the offense running smoothly . so what we 're going to talk about right now is we 're going to use our power forward that is posted up on the block . he has to make sure that he knows where the ball is right now . if the ball 's on the top of the key , it does n't do him much good to post up , because we do n't want a throw to go from the top of the key to the post unless he 's absolutely wide open . if everybody 's dropped off of him , and we can get him the ball , we 'll throw it from here , but this is a horrible passing angle to get it to the post . so , typically , what we want him to do is either he 's going to set a screen across , or he 's going to flash up to the high post . now , if i ca n't get him the ball in the high post , i 'm going to go ahead and move the ball to the wing . as i move the ball to the wing , then he 's going to go and try to post up , because that 's the passing angle we want to get it to our post player . now , if we ca n't get him in the post , if he skips the ball across , our post player has to know that . then he 's going to flash up high to the elbow area , and that 's going to give him a limited area to shoot in . so , what we want to see him do is the post is going to work the bottom of the post ; he 's going to work the high post area , the elbow , re-post on the other side . he 's got to keep moving , and he 's also got to know where the ball is at all times on the court , so that he can get active in the offense , and he can get a shot away . and that 's how to effectively use your forwards in the offense .
d_rUUasv2_o now we 're going to work on the isolation of your upper body , your torso , for your dancing . again , you need to have the right position . bend your knees so you unblock your back and your feet slightly apart and focus on your torso . be sure to keep your shoulders aligned and focus on your rib cage . bring your hands to your hips and do n't forget to breathe , and you go out to your right , center , out to your left and center . so you 're focusing on the ribcage to the right , go back to your center , go left , center . right , center , left , center . without the center we go to the right and left , and right , left , right , center . now we 're going to create a circle creating finding your four corners . we go right , back , left , front , right , back , left , front . now we 're going to continue that movement and getting to around the four corners to create a circle and this is a circle parallel to the floor . and you go around and center . very good . go right , back , left , front . now we 're going to reverse that circle . you 're going to go left , back , right , and forward . left , back , right and forward , and now we 're going to create a circle getting those four corners together . so you go back , right , front and left and go around your center . one more time . and as you do it you need to breath . inhale up and exhale out and back to your center and go right , left , right , center .
FStKSCmBx00 gina kennedy : another pose to transition to from your halfway or lunge is a lunge twist . we 're going to have faith demonstrate that for us right now . so she 's going to come into her halfway lunge . we 're going to have her use her blocks , extending her arms -- good -- just to make the floor just a little bit more accessible . good . so she 's going to curl her back toes under and lift up through her back knee . good . pressing into her heel and squeezing though her thigh . good . she 's going to press into her left hand , inhale and rotate her torso towards her knee and reach her right arm up to the sky . good . beautiful . now she wants to keep her hips square and keep this knee from flaring out so drawing the knee in . good . then she presses into that block and reaches up through her fingertips and opens up through her heart and comes into that twist just a little bit deeper . good . the whole time engaging this back leg and pressing through her heel . good . lengthening through the crown of her head . good . and then when she 's ready , lowering her hand back down to her block and bringing her knee back down .
bwD03Mz-pQE hi , i 'm johanna krynytzky with hip expressions belly dance studio in st. petersburg , florida and joining me today is karen sun ray . now we 're going to drill our basic undulation at a sort of intermediate level . so let 's start with our feet facing straight ahead , knees slightly bent , belly button pulled in , chest lifted , shoulders back and down , arms out and away from the body . we 're going to start with the chest movement . the chest is going to come forward and then up and then we 're going to lift it back and pull to center . okay . make sure you 're not moving your shoulders with your body . this is just a chest isolation . ready ? so we 're going to start ; forward , up , lift , pull , then we 're going to pull and sit . forward , up , back , down and then you 're going to pull down , okay . let 's try it with the music , so we 're going to go ; one and two and three and four . and one and lift on two and pull down three , pull on four . and one and lift on two , pull down three , tuck under on four . one more time . and one and lift on two and pull down three and four . good . so practice that nice and slow so that you can break it down and eventually you get to speed it up .
2vBwqvPJd_c hi ! this is brenda and we are having fun today with our icebreaker games . this game is called the alphabet game , and you get all your guests in a circle and begin with the letter a and the first person says something about themselves when begins with the letter a. for instance they could say apples are not really my favorite fruit . the next person would have the letter b , and they could say black is not my favorite color unless it is on a car , and then the next person could say caterpillars are fun to watch in the summer time , and you just go around the room just making up silly sentences like this . unbeknownst to last person , he has got to go and repeat to the best of his ability what everybody previously has said before him , and that is going to be a hard chore to do . so of course people in the room can help him of course , and see if they can remember what everybody said ; and it is a good way to get to know each person and to kind to get to know their likes and dislikes and have a few laughs , and it does take a little while to do this game , so it is just a lot of fun .
1SlH2sbRyWs oh excuse me . i love them archie 's . sugar sugar . i can never hear enough . hi i 'm marvelous marvin professionally trained disc jockey and i 'm talking about how you can be a mobile dj . and at this moment we 're talking about cables . things that you would plug in to your various accessories . now here of course i have my two turn tables . they 're actually cd players . and you plug this in with different vehicles . look . actual plug comes with it . just a regular plug . plug that in no problem . speakers though , interesting . you want to have really , really good speaker cables . these are monster cables . you can buy these at any music store . they 're not really cheap . they 'll run you about thirty five bucks , forty , fifty bucks a pair depending on the store . these will last forever . you need something like this . and let me tell you what else comes in handy . some electrical tape . because when you lay down your speaker cables you 're going to have them laying out . you 're going to have people walking up to you to ask for requests or to yell at you . maybe threaten your life , whatever . it does n't matter . you want to have these taped down so people do n't trip over them . sure it 's funny when they trip over them but could be some legal problems later on . you ca n't spend enough . they 're going to last you a long time . also get some back up cables because you can never have enough back up systems when you 're a mobile dj . i 'm marvelous marvin professional disc jockey talking about cables .
bY6pzRvfYKM the next thing you 're going to learn from the stalling position , which is where you go forward , and then stop for an instant , and then continue is hopping . hopping is a very valuable tool . it looks really cool if you just want to have a trick to show off , and it 's also valuable if you want to start going off-roading , because you can use it to get over obstacles . same things for trials ; you can use it to hop up and down stairs , etc . so , the concept behind hopping is similar to idling . you 're going to go forward ; you 're going to use the stall , one pedal 's going to be down , one pedal 's going to go up . except with hopping , you do n't want your pedals to be up and down , because you do n't have a lot of force this way . it 's really awkward for one leg to be bent , and one leg not to be bent . so , you 're going to have it so that the pedals are parallel to the ground like this . you see , i have the cranks are going parallel to the ground , so your feet are at the same height , and you 're going to hold onto the seat . and not all unicycles have a handle ; it 's okay , you can still hop just by holding onto the seat . and what you 're going to do is basically stand up on the pedals , hold onto the seat , and then push your legs down . and then spring up , just like you would with a jump , and then continue going . that is the first step . so , it looks like this ; you 're going to ride , you 're going to stall , and you 're going to hop , and then you 're going to keep going . and that 's the first step to learning how to hop .
3Q7bThgiOqY joel siegel : all right . so , we 're going to go ahead and now do our high hat lifts on all the downbeats . like i mentioned before , this is going to give really a sound that 's really emphasizing kind of quarter notes . you 'll hear what i mean . before i play it , let 's go ahead and break it down , think about what 's going to be happening mechanically . our left foot , we 're going to want the downbeats all open , which means we 're going to be coming down on the upbeats and we 're doing every beats , so it 's going to be every upbeat , one and three on the kick . so it 's going to sound like this . all right ? so take a look at the next clip . we 'll play that a little longer , get you a chance to look around . think about it and then we 'll get a chance to play it together .
F7gUFHHxlUc hi , my name is paul becker and i 'm here to talk to you about accordions today on behalf of expert village . we talked earlier about the 50s being the height of the accordion but shortly after that with the onset of rock and roll people started to associate accordions with lawrence wilks and all sorts of music and cultural things that their parents did n't care for so the accordion was pretty dieing out . now a few accordion companies whether the storm the titano company made these accordion this accordion made them in 2 colors yellow and pink with the black keys . they are made for rock and roll and they actually have an extra register stop which is the 5th that gives it a pretty nice blue sound .
F4wFat9wi7k hi , my name is lefty at 1603 tattoos in tampa , florida . on behalf of expert village this is tattoo care . so your tattoo is going to be a little irritating after all the stuff and once it starts to flake and peel , it will come very itchy . you want to avoid any scratching of the tattoo because you can accidentally peel off a scab . the purpose of us telling you to use the lotion is to help you get underneath it so it wo n't fall off on its own so be careful with that . a lot of people tend to pat their tattoo thinking it 's going to help it and it really is n't . what it is doing is it is forcing up the ink ( the blood ) to force out the ink be careful with that as well . i mean you have to grin and bare it , just let it be and do n't do anything do n't touch it , do n't put any anti itchy cream because it 's still a cut . so you do n't want to get anything underneath your skin that is n't suppose to be there , you 're still healing and be careful with that .
22OyLDVZI6c what i 'll be demonstrating here is bicep incline dumbbell curls . and , what you 're going to do is put your bench on an incline . and , then pretty much doing the same thing that you would do if you were standing or sitting as curling the dumbbell . still giving it a good flex of the bicep when you bring it up . flex it . this action 's a little harder , only because you 're at an incline . so , when you bring it down you still want to control the weight . because , you 're at an incline that weight is kind of forcing itself down a little faster . when you bring it up , again you want to keep putting tension on that bicep . and , you can go ahead and alternate it or you can go ahead and do it at the same time . you want to keep doing about three to about eight ten to reps. and , if you wanted to you can switch it up and you can do hammers inclined dumbbell curls . and , that 's pretty much how you do the incline dumbbell bicep curls .
dWGX_v2tsvw next , we 'll demonstrate the spider dribble . and what this dribble is , is a ball handling drill to work on your coordination . and what you want to do is keep the ball centered between you as much as possible , and it works like this . keep your knees bent , back straight like before when you 're dribbling , and you 're going to do two in front and two in back . okay , you 're going to have to go kind of fast just to keep the ball up and the better you get at it , the faster you need to go . and after you really get the hang of it start picking your head up and not looking at the ball so much . and i 'll show you from the back . just one , two , one , two , one , two , one , two , one , two , one , two , one , two , one , two . now i 'll show you it from the side view . make sure your back tries to stay as straight as possible . you might have to lean over a little bit just to get to the ball , but keep your knees bent . the more your knees are bent , the straighter your back will be . and remember just one , two , one , two . two in front and two in back . and that 's the spider dribble .
C9TY2Ghj68o i 'm going to show you how to make a risk . this is a shot that 's going to be chilled so , of course , we 're going to start off with some ice . pour that into your glass and then we 're going to add , to that , a third of an ounce of cinnamon schnapps . now , when you hear what all of the ingredients are in this drink , you 'll understand why it 's called a risk . we 're then going to add one third of an ounce of yukon jack , aka , the black sheep of canadian liquors , and a third of an ounce of orange juice , just a splash . you 're going to shake it up and then we 're going to strain this into a shot glass . now , the thing that makes this shot so great is that it is chilled and so it 's better for people who do n't like the usual warm shot , they like a nice chilled shot . it 's a little bit more like having a tinie tiny version of a drink that 's really strong . alright , make sure you 've got your strainer on top , hold it on nice and tight with your finger , pour that into your shot glass and there you have it . risk , good luck .
ckGkoaZOS2g dorm life does n't have to be filled with burgers and fries from the nearest fast food joint . i can show you a few simple tips to make dorm cooking really easy . hi , i 'm alexa sparkman , and today i 'm going to show you the essentials for supplies for dorm room cooking . you know , you probably do n't want to be washing your dishes in the same sink you 're room mates doing the laundry . so i think the first step would be to keep things disposable as much as possible . first , let 's look at the disposable supplies . for storage of things like cereals and crackers , to keep them fresh , it 's going to be important that you have air tight containers . disposable containers are essential for dorm room life because , somebody 's always going to walking off with them , and you 're not worried about spending a lot of money on expensive storage containers . paper towels are essential . got to have the paper towels to clean up the messes , to cover food in the microwave , and to dry your fresh produce . a typical plastic wrap that seals freshness in , they even have the kind that can be used in the freezer to keep frozen food fresh . and then again , storage . if you 've got small things that need to go in the refrigerator , leftover sandwiches , leftover pasta meals , then , take a sandwich bag and close things up . put them in the refrigerator , too . and of course , when you 're eating out , and you get the little picnic packs of knives , forks and spoons , keep those on hand . you 're always in need for a ... a plastic fork , a plastic spoon . and again , you do n't have to keep washing these out in the dorm room sink . there are a few other essentials you 'll need in the dorm room : a colander , a can opener . believe it or not , not all tin cans are flip top . measuring cups , and a microwave safe container for boiling water . small cups , and measuring cups . and then , of course , the ever important , cooking spray . of course if you plan to do any kind of cooking in the dorm room , a microwave and a mini-refrigerator are essential . those are the supplies you need for dorm room cooking . until next time , i 'm alexa sparkman .
d4IvQqQRGbs hi . i am dustin here on behalf of expert village.com . and here i 'm at callisters and today i 'm gon na talk a little bit about rodeo boots . now let 's face it . us rodeo guys , we like to have a little bit of flare in our lives . like to have a little bit of fashion and not to mention function . most rodeo boots you see are this style . where they have a huge , huge heal . one is for basically its for , it 's for style but it has a function also . it 's great for spurs . when you have , if you have ever seen saddle blanc or bareback riding . they 've got to hold , they 've got the big old huge spurs to hold on with them , on them horses . they also have a rawhide heal which is made for , for keeping for a little more added more wear with spurs moving around and , and also for acidic environments such as rodeo arena . they have a , they have a taller top . some cowboys like to tuck their pants in . tie them up . so they can keep them on . so their boots do n't pull off . now , these ones are a little bit different than other types , than other styles then let 's say a work boot because basically a work boot is sheer function . it 's not made for fashion or style . it 's made for work . so it 's not gon na be as flashy . or we have , there also made from a little bit tougher leather other than dress boots because they 're out there working every day in them . and those are just a few points that we have a own rodeo work . just like these olathie boots .
306PUxZ7veQ now we 're going to go ahead and talk about some parasites and parasite control in kim 's cat . one of the things that i want to do is to send home a little fecal container with you so that you can bring that back , drop it off sometime between right now and our next visit . and what we do is we send that off to the lab and the lab will actually check it for internal parasites . cats especially get a lot of internal parasites from their mother , through the placenta and through the milk and so kittens at this age are frequently infested with some type of internal parasite . and so just looking at the fecal sample at the lab , they do some very specific testing looking under the microscope and some what they call fecal flotation and an antigen test to try to find out if there is anything in the stool . so we are going to encourage you to bring that back right away . and we 're going to talk a little bit about fleas . now what are you using for your other cat for flea control ? advantage . ok , ( multi action ) very good . we 're going to actually talk about advantage multi because advantage multi covers a lot of different parasites for your cat and it 's going to be really , really helpful to do that with this kitty cat , because i think that this particular part of the country , santa barbara has a lot of problems with parasites because it 's such a nice area for them to live . even indoor cats a lot of people do n't realize that they can get fleas on their inside cats because they bring a flea in with them or a neighbor 's cat comes in like you mentioned . and then the fleas jump off and bite your cat and start a whole new family inside of your house . so this has been a really good product for us and we like advantage multi because it does so many different things . it takes care of a lot of different paratisisim of your cat . it 's going to take care of fleas , heart worm , round worms , hook worms and it even takes care of ear mites . and so i did n't see any ear mites in your cat but again with your cat 's history of where it 's lived and also it 's unknown history , they frequently do come down with ear mites and even though i do n't see one today they could be a problem . so we 're going to encourage you to take some of this home today and start your cat on this . now have you ever put this on a kitten before ? no not a kitten . ok. one of the things that people make a mistake when they are putting this on is they put it on the fur instead of parting the fur and put it down on the skin . very , very important that you actually put this on the skin . now i do n't think it really hurts the cat but we have a few cats that do n't like it . and so it might take two of you some friend or something to hold the cat while you part the fur and they put the stuff on . i think that it is , it 's very nice because it 's once a month . you do n't have to do it all the time . and also it takes care of all of these different parasites , so you really do n't have to worry about any other parasite control . this is an example of the advantage multi we were talking about . this is for adult cats but i just wanted you to go ahead and look at the box here because we are going to send the same kind of box home with you that 's for kittens .
FXJ2FOXdnbQ salamba adho mukha svanasana , supported downward facing dog . we 'll begin this pose , checking that you have your bolster , if you do n't have a bolster just pile yourself up some blankets or go to your bed and get your pillows . we 're going to bring ourselves right here into table and again your alignment needs to be , palms below the shoulders , knees below your hips and then take a look at what your feet are doing . they want to be an extension of your knee . let 's use your inhale to roll your toes under , exhale lift the hips up into downward facing dog . use the bolster to support the top of your head . this is an absolutely an active pose in your legs , you want to be able to get length in your spine , continue lengthen the crown of your head so you can rest on your bolsters . keeping the knees bent is allowing jennifer to have a nice , long spine which is essential in downward facing dog . so again , the more that you practice this pose , the more available it will become to your body .
C5uhp1HoNLs johnny miles : in this clip , i 'm going to talk about a great drill to do in a bunker to practice your green-side bunker shots . seeing all you 're trying to do is get the ball to come out on a cushion of sand , you need to take your focus away from the ball and get it onto the sand where you 're just splashing the sand out from underneath the ball . one of the best drills i know for it is a set-up -- here just draw a line in the sand with your club and put a couple of golf balls at the far end of that line . get set up to the line like there was a ball there and focusing on the line , dig your feet in a little bit and just splash the sand out with the club entering the sand right around the line . do that a couple of times for practice . and then when you get to the ball , do n't focus on the ball , just look at the line and splash the sand off . just splash the sand off . interviewer : that takes your mental look off the ball ? david anderson : that takes your focus off of the golf ball , puts it onto the sand and you splashing the sand out from underneath the ball and that 's what gets the ball onto the green .
_0pQoOh_4Zo hi this is matt on behalf of expert village . today we are going to learn how to make a mediterranean veggie kabob . the rice is still cooking and it still has a little bit of time to go so let 's get back to our vegetables here and we 're going to work on our mushrooms . we are going to take the stalk out of our mushrooms and i actually already broke it but it 's perfect . i am just going to cut it in half and we are going to put our skewer right through it . i broke that perfectly and we will put that in there . same thing here , just kind of break out the little piece and i 'll take that and cut it with the knife and the skewer will go right through here . this is pretty easy , just pull this out , get out the stalk , those come out nice and easy . put those on your cutting board . really easy , simple , and fast . i like mushrooms . some people do not like mushrooms , some people detest mushrooms . if you do n't like mushrooms do n't use them . you can substitute any vegetable you want . you can use tomatoes . i did n't use tomatoes in this one but it is the same difference . just whatever , substitute it with whatever you want . we 're going to put that there , do a couple more of these , pull out the stalk and get the excess out of there , make it nice and clean . they 're really easy to cut , no work , very simple and that 's it . we 're going to do one last one . this is a good one , it 's a big one . the skewer will go right through there it will sit nice right on the skewer so when you are eating on the skewer it will be a nice meaty one . now we have done our mushrooms and now we are going to work on our onion .
2__85nHDYnA hi ! i 'm karen for expert village . let 's cut out some spots for our dog . i like this animal print . it 's kind of funky . you can just cut any shape you want . you do n't have to just make circles . if you want , you can even make an initial or anything you want on that doggy . this fleecy fabric comes in an amazing assortment of colors and varieties . they have all kinds of different prints . do n't feel like you have to make your doggy just plain old brown . you can make him pink and purple and you can do different patterns . you 'll have a lot of fun if you go to the fabric store and just poke around and see what you can find . for right now i 'm just going to do a simple couple of dots to put on our doggy . you 're going to decorate both sides of your dog . when you decorate both sides you want to make sure that you lay them out in opposite directions . you 'll be able to do one big one for the other side . it 's very , very important , and everybody makes this mistake . you want to lay those doggies out in opposite sides . when you put the ears on when you put the spots on they have to opposites .
2YGDinDPaFc hi this is jon and in this clip we 'll be cleaning and replacing the spark plugs . on your snowblower engine it 's always recommended to replace your spark plug at the end of each season so you have a new one for the next season . now if you want to save just a couple of dollars what you can do is you can also clean it . the first thing you need to do is remove the spark plug boot which is typically right on top of your engine and that will show you the spark plug underneath it . next we 're going to be using a spark plug socket . now this socket is a deep socket and if you look inside of it there is a little rubber ring or rubber holder inside of it and that 's going to hold the spark plug in there as you pull it out . we 'll go ahead and loosen that spark plug up . now remember , righty tighty lefty loosey . and as you can see that spark plug socket held that spark plug in there . now if your spark plug looks damaged or cracked or broken in anyway you 'll definitely want to replace that . to reinstall the spark plug you 'll want to start it by hand to make that you do n't cross thread it . then we 're going to come in with our ratchet and tighten that down . and do n't forget to replace that spark plug boot .
2mmWWY9oznA hi , my name is shelby on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how to potty train . it 's really important when you find the time on your child 's calendar from preschool , they usually have calendars , maybe they 're on vacation in december for winter break . it 's a really good time to maybe plan your vacation from work if you 're a working mother and sit down with your child , buy all the necessary things ; the books , everything that will gear your child up for potty training and get them ready . you know make sure you do n't have any events planned , birthday parties , anything outside of home , it 's better to do it at home where your child feels safe and secure and really comfortable because that will make the transition from using diapers to underwear a lot easier .
0EhQlUjX9Q8 hi , my name is lauren and today i am going to discuss how to spike thick hair . spiking thick hair because of the heaviness of it will start when you first get your hair cut . there is something called thinning shears or notching shears and they actually have these little serrated edges on the one side . so it actually just simply removes bulk from the hair . if you have your stylist use these , once you are trying to style your hair and spike it , it will remove some of that weight and make your job easier . now , once you are at home what you are going to do is use a blow dryer and blow your hair straight up as far up as you can get it . there are heavier products that you want to use . some are a little bit more thread like and kind of help it attach . also you can use very hard gels . you want something with strong hold in order to really keep the spikes up and to work with that little bit of that coarser , fuller hair style . so you can kind of spike everything up using these hard hold gels . you can also use hard hold hair sprays in order to get them to stay . there is also a corporation called spiker 's gel which make a bit of the stronger hold gels in order to help maintain and help coarser hair and fuller and thicker hair stand up and actually spike . and that is how to spike coarse hair .
5YlvUOj4Uzc so here you 're going to be collaging into the hand . it 's kind of important to think about the hues and the tone of things . so , we were dealing with the tone in the last part and now i 'm going to deal with sort of like the hue means . again , i was showing you the difference between a really bright vibrant color and a really sort of dull , muted color . that changes within what colors are added inti it and we can get into specifics about how printing happens and what colors are mixed and added to make hues different . but really what i want to think about is where i 'm putting things in order to make a sort of area happen . and i 'm looking at this fish here and thinking this is great . there 's some really nice looking line work here and line work here . but actually could really work nicely and creating some of the line work that 's in there . and it has a nice hue to it that 's shifted from what the hue is and the knee enough so that there 's a distinguishable difference between where the hand begins and where the knee ends .
FGm_t709ieM coming back to your bunraku arm control , the next step in the process is to prepare the two tubed channels through which your dacron string is going to run . that 's the string that you 're going to be manipulating in order to move that hand back and forth on the wrist joint . so you 're going to take your one-eighth inch brass tube . you 're going to be laying it along the top of your arm rod in the same line as that center line along which you attached your hinge hasp , parallel to that hinge hasp line . and that 's going to extend from just behind the hinge . i do it about an inch behind the hinge on the wood , past your elbow hole . let 's say two inches approximately . that 's a nice spot . so , we 're going to go cut that on the band saw right now .
D4GDeW5lc8s this is john with expert village telling you a little bit about making your own logos . now the next thing that you want to do is be willing to play with the name itself . let 's say for instance if in this case a company has a first letter of each name , maybe you want to try this , maybe you want to try to instead of just keeping the name use just the initials . what you want to do is you want to get these a little bit larger if you 're going to do that , that way you can visualize them better . let 's use something like this , actually i would just go through and to see , because it completely changes everything when you change the basic concept of your design . so if you decide you do n't want the full name , you just want the letters , then go through find your font and let 's just pick one , we 'll just pick this one for the sake of here and then move it around . you might say , humm ld , you can either do that . you might think the l is not prominent enough , so maybe you want to use this l down here , let 's grab it and erase the other letters . since you 've got this just pull it around and you never know where you might come up with something that 's completely different . stand back and look at it and then pull it up and you can do this for literally 30 minutes and sometimes the coolest designs are not what you prefabricate or not what you 're trying to get at , but just simply taking a couple of letters and putting them around each other . if you look around at logos in papers and magazines , you 'll find some of the very cool logos that are just simply a spin on the letters .
BKRT-UsPgTg i 'm going to apply individual lashes to the outer corners and that 's going to give it just that little extra something to go with her prom makeup . so , i 'm going to take the individual lashes and a pair of tweezers . i 'm going to grab them from the middle and put them on my hand . and , i 'm going to do about four on each side . so , i 'm going to grab eight eyelashes and put them on my hand . and , then i 'm going to take a little dab of duo adhesive . which , you can buy at any kind of walgreen 's or drug store . i 'm going to apply a little dot to my hand . and , then i 'm going to take the tweezers again grab it by the middle and dip the end into the duo . and , i 'm going to apply right to the outer corner and it 's going to be right along the lash line where you did that liner before . and , then about three lashes in from where you applied that one you 're going to apply the next one . and , this is just going to add that little extra `` umph '' at the end . and , these are going to add that little extra something without looking too made up . they look really natural . ok. look up . and , you can kind of wiggle your finger around so they go where you want them to . ok. and , then i 'm going to do the other side . starting at that outer corner . and , look down again . by adding eyelashes to the ends , it 's really going to open up the shape of the eye a little more . ok. look up . ok. and , that 's how you apply the false eyelashes .
5vtHswjS620 nathan mccullough : hi , my name is nate mccullough on behalf of expert village . in these clips , we 're going to talk about the proper way to remove and replace your vehicle 's thermostat . in this clip , we 're going to talk about one safety item involved in your thermostat replacement job . your coolant system runs under pressure . the pressure is held by the vehicle 's radiator cap . this particular engine operates at 16 psi . for one pound of pressure kept on the system , it raises the boiling temperature of your coolant 3 degrees . so , 16 times 3 comes out to a pretty significant number . if your engine was high , if you just park it and you remove the cap , what you 're going to get is an extremely rapid boiling of the coolant . it 's going to spray over the place and scald you pretty badly . anytime you 're going to open the coolant system , it 's a good idea to let the vehicle sit with the hood up for at least an hour if it 's been ran long enough that it has good heat . there are ways around it , however , i 'm not going to get into those with you just for the safety facts alone . it 's good to work on the engine while it 's cool .
bl4y5OH4hyA now , this is the factory lower control arm bushing that we just pressed out of the frame and this is the bushings supply from sky jacker , that 's going to be put back in . and all you 're going to do is reverse the process of getting this one out . like so it 's going to be pushed into the frame here . you 're going to take the ball joint service kit and push it back in . now i 'm installing the threaded push bar to the ball joint pushing kit . this is the sleeve that 's going to go on the outer ring . so that when you push the bushing through , it 'll allow it to seat all the way into the frame . now that we have the ball joint service kit in there , now you will crank down on it to push the bushing into the frame . and you 'll know it 's all the way in as soon as the raised part of the bushing is seated all the way in the frame . so when it 's flush , there 'll be no more tension on the screw and then back it off . take it out and there 's your new bushing install .
1LBzBB97BCw once the attacking creatures have been declared the defending player is faced with the choice of whether or not to block . now it 's important to note that tapped creatures , such as the goldmeadow harrier can not be used to block . only untapped creatures can be used to block . creatures that have summoning sickness that have come into play since their opponent 's last , since the beginning of their controller 's last turn are allowed to block , so you can block with a creature right after it comes into play . in this case , only the honor guard is available to block , because the other one is tapped . to declare blockers , simply announce which creature you 're going to block . a creature can only block one creature at a time . there 's no way for the honor guard to block more than one creature . the honor guard can not be declared as a blocker for the scryb sprites , because the scryb sprites have an ability that says flying . we 'll cover flying in more detail later , but it means that other creatures that do n't have flying ca n't block them ; therefore , the honor guard is going to choose to block the grizzly bears . that means that the grizzly bears wo n't be dealing damage to the defending player .
1ZWGv-_yKrU hi , this is johnny rambo of new york city and today on behalf of expert village i 'm going to teach you how to arm wrestle . another technique that competitors like to use to intimidate their opponents is slamming their elbows on the table . this is no good . this takes away from your strength . the shock of your elbow from the table simply takes away from your advantage . remember that we 're only flesh and blood . we do n't want to smack our elbows onto the table . it 's not going to intimidate anyone . it never intimidated me . what we do n't want to do is ... .if richie gains his advantage as he 's coming down on me like this and bends my wrist , i do n't want to try and reflex my wrist as far as i can because i 'm a hook wrestler . my wrist likes to be hooked . so he 's got me like this , the best i can do is just hold on until he loses his momentum and then i can start gaining mine back because that 's when he 's weak . otherwise i end up straining my wrist and it 's a sure thing that i 'll end up losing the match .
bBfs6UctzEw all right . in this section of the butterfly stroke , we 're going to end up explaining to you the small kick . so the small kick , again , is right here is when you 're going to be thinking about doing the small kick . okay ? you just finished doing the big kick . you start , again , with the s. as you begin the s , you 're going to do a little kick and come up for air . and then when you bring your arms out like you 're going to hug someone and then rotate your shoulders in , that 's when you 're going to do the big kick . so this one is the small kick . you 're pulling into a small kick , and then you come up for air . and i 'll be showing you that in a little bit in the water . all right . in this section of the butterfly stroke , it 's a continuation of step nine . and pretty much , you 're just doing a small kick . so , as you saw , once your hands meet each other , as you 're pulling and you 're coming up for air , that 's when you 'll do a small kick . okay ? so your body will do a small kick when you 're coming up for air .
anmdOMhrDmE hi i 'm james with jnc home repair . today i 'm going to show you how to repair a heavy duty extension cord plug . this is a fairly common problem around the house . you 've got an extension cord that gets pulled around or yanked around and it starts shorting out or it does n't , you know you plug it in and you 've got something plugged into it and it works . then it shuts off , and off and on and on and on and again . so i 'm going to basically show you how to repair that . i 've got one end that 's already hooked up , but i 've got another end just like we cut off the existing plug that was on it . you want to strip and splice your wire , you want to get two exposed sides here , just like so . go ahead and twist those into place just like that , that way you do n't have a bunch of frayed wires sticking out every where making contact with something you do n't want it to make contact with . keep them nice and tight , they 're a lot easier to work with . then what you 're going to do , is this is your replacement plug right here . you 're actually going to remove the set screw here which is you 'll notice is a brass screw , which is going to be your hot wire . you 've got another one over here , this is a chrome one , this is going to be your neutral wire . and you 'll notice it comes right out , just like so . so what you do is you take your other end that you cut off , we always know that the brass is going to be the hot wire so you can tell right here there 's just enough room to stick that wire in there , just like so . right in there just like that . and you 'll see there 's a little bitty clamp there so when you tighten that screw down , it actually clamps onto that wire and it makes contact and it will actually go , it makes to contact to this so when you plug it into the wall . so you want to tighten that down and you want to do the other side just the same way , just like that . go ahead and tighten that one down . and on this particular plug , your ground wire is right here . and actually this type of plug , this type of wire here does n't have a ground wire inside of it . so what it 's going to do is it 's actually ground to the inside of this plug , and you 'll see that there 's a little bitty spring in there . and that 's going to make contact with your ground terminal here . so when you line this back up , when you slide this back down here , you 're going to feed this in like so . open up just a little bit . pull that around , pull that down . make sure that your little spring inside there is right there , make sure it 's lining up with that tab . you 're going to fit it in there just like that . you 're going to make sure that your little screws line up , and there 's two screws that fit inside here . you tighten them down . get this down back in there , tuck these bare wires , they 're actually not bare wires but they 're kind of exposed a little bit . you want to go ahead and tuck that back in and get all that stuff inside that plug . so you 've got a good solid piece of rubber out here . once you 've got that back in there , you tighten up these little clamps . and that 's how you change a heavy duty extension cord plug . if you 've got any other questions concerning this type of topic , you can contact me at jnchomerepair.com
aGITk8jgtwQ this next collar style is a stand collar . what we see this on typically would be like outer wear . it could be on anything . but like a jacket . there you have a lapel , well not a lapel , this is one side of the jacket that comes over to this side of the jacket . and the collar , as i said before a stand is the rise . the stand is the length from there to there . that 's your collar stand . so then obviously if you think about if for a minute , a stand collar is just that . it 's a separate piece attached to make a collar that just barely stands up from the actual garment itself . and what you 're going to want to show if it 's a stand collar , and it needs to stand , it needs to have reinforcement . reinforcement is usually created by edge stitching , which are the dashed lines . if this and this are the same fabric and you want this piece to stand up more , it just logically follows that you would have either that facing inside of it or you would edge stitch it to reinforce and make it stand up stiffer than the rest of the garment .
bqyJbrR4t5o hi there , i 'm melody mooney and today i 'm giving you some tips on how to fold your clothes . so we 're going to be folding blue jeans . now i 've taken my blue jeans and i fold them here , lay them here and made sure that everything is zipped up and buttoned up . gone through the pockets , make sure that marks ' pen and ipod and everything else is n't in them before i fold them . he likes to leave stuff in there , my husband , so no money for me either this time , darn . o.k. , so first thing i 'm going to do is i 'm going to bring . first thing i 'm going to do i 'm going to bring one leg over to the other . so here i go , just match up those legs , just like that , easy right ? o.k . make sure everything is flat , there we go . now , i 'm going to bring the cuff of the ... now i 'm going to bring the cuff of the blue jean up to the back pocket . there it is , just like that . o.k . one more fold to go . i 'm going to take this bottom side and it 's going to go all the way up to the waistband of the blue jean , so it ends up looking like that . is n't that nice ? great thing about this fold is you can stack lots of jeans or slacks or things on top of it , and it 's always going to be nice and neat . and that is how i fold blue jeans .
3LlzJWj57Lk ready to add some arm movements to your reverse undulation ? i 'm johanna and this is karen , and we 're here from hip expressions belly dance studio in st. petersburg florida . let 's take our rocking reverse undulation and add sloping arms . so if we 're stepping back with our right foot , our right arm is down , and our weight is on that right foot . left foot is just slightly ahead . both heels are down . from here , one , forward foot , back foot , and as we roll up with our weight still on our right foot , we 're going to switch the arms and switch sides , pivot the feet , and back on the left foot . right foot , left foot , roll up . other side . one , two , three , and up . good . keep the shoulder blades down , keep the arms floating from move to move . good . one , two , three , roll up . and , one , two , three , and switch . good . stay nice and relaxed , good . remember to breathe . watch yourself in front of a mirror , and soon you 'll have a nice smooth rocking reverse undulation with sloping arms .
FTTuYujsdR0 now just because we 've applied our green make-up with our sponge , we 're not done with the green make-up just yet . you 'll notice here , the nostril area , the eye area , even the lips . now , these are the usual suspects . these are basically areas of your face , where the angle is so extreme . it 's very easy to miss them with like a broad brush , or in this case , a broad sponge . so , that 's why we have our brush work for here . what we 're going to do , is we 're going to take our green make-up . we 're basically going to work it in , on the brushes . please be very careful around the eye area , always have your eyes closed , if you 're doing this for somebody . and what we 're going to do is essentially fill in all these patches that are left over . you know , i mean the hulk is one hundred per cent gamma radiated . he 's not ninety eight , he 's not ninety seven , he 's a hundred per cent gamma radiated , which means he is one hundred per cent green bean . so , we 're basically going to complete doing these gaps in here , on the eyes , the nostril area and the lips . and then we 'll have a nice solid , uniform layer of green make-up on .
dU_xQxFejc8 allyn christopher : all right we 've got all the bits and pieces off the frame and it 's reasonably clean for , well , somebody that goes into a pool and deals with filth all day long . so this is our main frame , looks like it 's overall in good shape . i 'm not seeing any breakages or hairline cracks . here is the usual place that you might see them . here in the front . it 's not broken over here and all the little jets with little nipples on them are not broken . so a good visual inspection making sure everything is overall in good shape . and yeah , i mean for probably spending a little bit more than a decade in a pool filled with chlorine , this is in great shape . now here it is our rebuild kit . you can see down the side there a list , of course , everything that you 're going to find inside of it which is a significant amount of things . so we 're going to take it out and start to organize it . i love this stuff . okay . miscellaneous parts , warranty and instructions . new sweep tail we 'll put over here . and then the rest . oh , nice . nice ! comes right out . and i 'm going to throw the box aside some refuse , over there . all right . we 're going to discuss it out one at a time and open it up . the other awesome thing about this is , it 's some of the subassemblies are already put together for you . great . all right . this already installed even though we may have to disinstall it later . as we open these up here , here you 're actually going to see that , well , these are installed too . i 'll show you a little bit more about that when we get to care and maintenance of your wheels , got to give the love to the wheels , and on the bottom right over here , look at that . new bottom , new bag , and they really do think of everything because when this is done you basically have [ sounds like ] the brands back in your cleaner . new float head no water and even a slick new top . all right . that 's it we 've got them out and organized and we 're going to show you a little bit about each part and show you how to put them on so you 'll have a brand new polaris 180 .
34N8w-SDIc4 hi , i 'm casey i 'm with elements university . i 'm here on behalf of expert village . in this segment i 'm going to give you a few tips on clipper cutting . before you start cutting the one thing you want to make sure as when you come up with the clippers upside the head , you want to make sure that you rock it out at the top . right at the line where you are ready to end . if you come in and pull it straight out , what will end up happening is you 'll get lines right in this section of the head . you will actually see the lines of your clipper blade so again it 's extremely important as you 're coming up to rock out with the clipper blade . stay tune for our next segment and i 'm going to give you one more tip on clipper cutting .
3IdtEtpveXI ok , in this segment , we are going to have the other players demonstrate all this stuff , but i want to show you what it all means so when i say side-step , or careoka move , or backpedal , or run to a ball , what it means . so alright , when you ? re playing tennis , side-stepping is one of the most important skills you have . so side-stepping means you ? re standing like this , and you side step . so you see how my feet work together like that . so this is a very quick way of moving to a lot of balls that are close to me . now , once i side-step to a ball , and once i want to hit a forehand , i 'm going to turn and then i might do what 's called a careoka step where i go like this . so you see my feet are not side-stepping now , they 're in different plains , so it 's kind of like a crab walk , but it 's called a careoka step , and it 's the same for a backhand . so you move your feet like this , so if this helps , so these are all different movements that you have , and then , for example , if i 'm going to hit and overhead , i 'm going to do what 's a backpedaler , with a side-step in it . so , there 's a lot of different movements in tennis . but the main ones are side-stepping , the careoka step , backpedaling , and then you 're also going to have just running . ok , so you 're going to use all these different movements in tennis , and you have to learn how to incorporate them for each shot , and we 're going to go through some drills that will show how to do this .
3Y8jNho5gsg evan blankenship : hi . my name is evan blankenship with expert village , and i 'm going to be teaching you how to suck your legs up for the switch ollie . alright , so now you 've got the pop for the switch ollie inside of your foot . next , it 's all about sucking your legs up so you can get more height . so , what sucking your legs up does is when you pop , it has potential to come -- the board has the potential to come a lot higher . so , raising your legs up allows it to become higher in the air . so , you 're popping the board inside your foot . normally , if you do n't suck your legs up , you 'll only get that high , but when you pop it and slide your foot up and raise your legs up , it allows the board to come up higher and you 'll ollie a lot higher .
Cc2r_pvtYGU hi ! i 'm tony austin , general manager of metrowest golf club , on behalf of expert village . several important factors to consider when planning your next golf event . location is very important to your folks . it 's very important that they have quick access to the facility . the reputation to the golf course and their interest in it will also be a great draw . it 's a good layout ; people would want to play it . one very important thing is how do you feel about the staff when you visit the facility when you visit the facility . are the staff eager , willing , plenty of ideas , looking forward to being a participant in the event , or are they merely taking orders ? probably most important of all , is the facility right for you . do you have inadequate food and beverage space ? is it convenient if the weather turns in climate ? is it a complete package ? are the people in the facility ready for you ?
Dyw5ZuF4xgY so , here we have the shedding blade . and , as i 've mentioned before you can also use it as a sweat scraper after your horse 's bath or after a hard workout when they 're pretty sweaty . the important thing to know about this , along with the fact that there are teeth on it and you do n't want to use it on the horse 's face or back too far back in their abdomen near the genital region . you want to make sure you 're going with the horse 's hair coat . that 's going to be the most effective . if you 're going sideways on it or against the grain , your horse is going to find that to be pretty irritating just by virtue of the fact of the way that it 's going to be pulling on your horse 's hair . so , you can start up here . work your way down . try to keep the shedding blade level when you 're working with it . try to not dig in with the front of it . you 're going to be applying uneven pressure that way . and , because of the sharp little teeth on it you can actually put some little scratches on your horse if you 're not careful . again , it 's a good idea to keep one hand on the horse . the hand that you are not using the shedding blade with or any other grooming tool . just work your way down the horse and going with the hair coat . so , back here around the haunches where the hair pattern changes pay attention to that . work your way from front to back . and , again i do n't recommend using this on areas like the lower leg of the horse in the front or the back .
FQeNt6qvV8c next exercise we 're going to do is going to work your rotator cuff . so you 're going to take your band and go ahead and wrap it around your waist . and you can tie it if you want , i do n't bother . depending on how much strength you have , you 're going to cross the band over at one side . and the strength you have is to determine , going to determine how much you choke up on the band . the exercise looks like this . you 're going to bring the arm out like straight , and then you 're going to inhale and exhale , keeping the elbow tucked in , do n't let it come away . inhale center , exhale out , inhale center . for many , the hardest part is keeping the elbow tucked . exhale , inhale center . the second part of the exercise is to go ahead and really come close to your waist on the band . once again , tuck your elbow . take a nice inhale and exhale , inhale . so we 're not going as far out , we 're going right to that straight point . and exhale , elbows always stays tucked .
EQpZFJejOeM knowing your maximum heart rate and your desired target heart rate is really where the portable heart rate monitor comes in to helping you to exercise at your most efficient and effective level . to find out your maximum heart rate , if you 're male , you take the number 220 and if your female , you take the number 226 and subtract your age . for example , i 'm female , i 'm 29 , that makes my maximum heart rate 197. if you 're within 50 to 60 percent of range away from this number , that 's where you 're going to be doing most of your fat burning . that 's going to be a warm up , target zone . if you 're working up towards more intense exercise or for every day people who are just looking to get into better shape , you burn about 85 percent of your fat at a heart rate that 's about a half or 60 percent as much as your maximum . for people who are looking to train more intensively or prepare for an endurance event , like a marathon or triathlon , you 're going to want to be within 70 to 80 percent of this range . which is less fat burning but it 's going to be the range in which your heart muscle actually strengthens and increases in size , which will allow you more endurance for your event .
EFaag-4WI58 my name is windy st. george and this is how to play uno . uno is a card game similar to crazy eights . it plays two to ten players . one person will be the dealer and the dealer will deal out seven cards to each player . there are different kinds of cards in uno . there are regular number cards which is the basic card that you are going to have and then there are special cards that change the turn order . wild cards are allowed to play any time . there are draw two cards to play this and draw two cards instead of placing your card down . there is skip a turn which causes the next person to lose their turn and then there is reverse which causes the turn order to go counter clockwise . so the goal of uno is to be the first to have all your cards out of your hand and to have the most points afterwards . sometimes the person who is first out is not the one who wins . the strategy cards are worth more points than the regular numbered cards so once the cards have been dealt the first card on top of the draw pile is turned over and this one here is a 0 and yellow so the person to the left of the dealer can play either a 0 or a yellow card that they have in their hand or special cards . a wild card can be played on any card and any number . i have here a yellow card so this turn goes to the left and the player either plays specialty cards or a card that matches either a color or the number . if the player does n't have a card that they can play or they have a card they do n't want to play but they could play , they instead draw a card and you do n't want to draw too many cards because the goal is to get the cards out of your hands but it is sometimes strategic to draw another card . when people are playing and you get down to the last card in your hand and you have only one card left you must shout uno so that everyone is aware that the game is about to be over . if you do n't remember to shout uno and you are caught with one card in your hand you must draw two cards , and that 's how you play uno .
4D_8cGuI7kk hi , i 'm les whitley . i 'd like to talk to you about how to get six pack abs . it 's something that 's very difficult , and not everybody is going to achieve . it requires an incredible amount of discipline , and a very strict diet . you may see fitness competitors , or body builders , or athletes at the top level , that you see that they have this magnificent abdominal muscles . the six pack ab requires not only to have a strong tone midsection , but to have a minimal amount of body fat that covers over , so that you can actually see that musculature beneath . the diet in of itself becomes the most incredible component to achieve that very low level of body fat , to be able to see those results . that requires fresh fruits and vegetables , a variety of foods , limiting the sugar intake through breads , pastas , emphasizing whole grains , such as oatmeal , or other types of grain foods , and then lean sources of protein to sustain in that muscular growth . having plenty of fluids to stay well hydrated , typically fluids such as water , and fluids that do n't have calories will help you achieve those goals . calorie type beverages , typically have a good amount of sugar , and will take you further away from achieving those goals . with six pack abs especially , we 're talking about a minimal amount of body fat , so that you see the results . for men especially who accumulate body fat in the midsection area first , it 's going to take longer for you to see those results . so for some , you may have great genetics and lower levels of body fat , and requires you doing some abdominal strengthening exercises to make those muscles stand out more . for the rest of us who are n't that fortunate , we have to require a lot of additional effort through our activity on a daily basis , as well as a nutritional intake , being very strict to achieve those very low levels of body fat . train hard , train smart , be consistent , and be patient , and you to can work towards achieving those six pack abs .
0r4kkizrV6Q sarah hauer : hi . i 'm sarah hauer . sig hauer : and i 'm sig hauer , and we 're professional practitioners of traditional chinese medicine . sarah hauer : we 're here on behalf of expert village . sig hauer : and welcome to our video . there are other meridians on the front of the body here which were n't needled . for example , you can go just a little bit out from the center on either side is the kidney meridian ; you have the stomach meridian . a little further out is the spleen meridian and the liver meridian . and you get over to the side and the gallbladder meridian kinda runs down this side in a zigzag . then on the back , there are several meridians as well ; the bladder meridian being the major meridian on the back . so , that 's -- i think a good idea of what the meridians are and what they do . again , the meridians can go from the top of the body to the bottom of the body or vice versa , so what points you needle is just as important as to what meridians you choose because at each point , you 're going to get different effects and different results . and when we do the diagnosis and figure out what that particular patent 's pattern is , that helps us determine as to what combination of needles are going to work well for that person . for example , this combination here of these four needles , quite often there is another needle here , and just a little further up that we will use in this type of treatment , which is very strong in helping the digestion . that 's just one example there . there 's another combination that we often use . if someone has a lot of chest congestion , we 'll do a point here , lung 1 , and like again on the conception vessel right in the middle of the chest is conception vessel 17. and in the rib space here , the 6th rib space is liver 14. quite often , we use that combination any time someone feels heaviness in the chest or pressure , or even like a depression in the chest , or an emotional depression in the chest ; very good at moving the chi that way .
3orL1zneCY4 i 'm jamal spencer for expert village , here at abc 3 here in lansing , and we 're going to talk about how to be a successful sports broadcaster . this clip is about being energetic . i 'm talking to you now in a very boring tone , monotone , not really caring what 's going on . if you turn to the t.v . station and someone 's talking to you like this , you 're going to do one of two things : you 're going to either fall asleep or change the channel . neither one of those is good for us as a team , good for the viewer . nobody wants to see you being boring , so spice it up a little bit . you 're talking about sports , have fun . let 's be real . like i said , it 's a great job . you got to be energetic in what you do . the key is in not being fake . i have a boss who loves to yell , just for the sake of yelling . he thinks it makes him seem energetic . he does look energetic , but it also looks like he needs to drink less caffeine . when you come on air , you do n't want to go , `` hey , how you doing ? '' but , you do want to be energetic . you do want to say , `` hey , thanks for joining in , we 're glad to have you , let 's get right to the sports . '' you want to have fun talking about what you 're talking about , but you do n't want to go over the top and yell at the top of your lungs . do n't mistake being loud for energy , they are not the same thing . you want to make sure when you 're doing a report or you 're anchoring , that you have a little pep in your step . you want to be energetic , you want to enjoy what you 're doing because like i said , it 's a great job . everyone loves it . so when you 're on air , remember , speak with a positive voice . project . be happy that you 're talking about football . be happy that you 're standing in front lebron james or kobe bryant or duane wade . be happy . have fun doing this job and it will make you naturally energetic . but like i said , do n't mistake being loud for being energetic . anyone can yell at you and make it seem like they 're being energetic , but it really comes off like , `` hey , this guy is yelling at me , what the heck is his problem ? '' so you want to be poised , you want to have fun . you want to be energetic , like i said . i keep using that word 'energy ' because it 's very important in our business . no one wants to see a boring person . that 's the reason howard stern is so successful , because he 's got a crap-load of energy . when you 're on camera , remember be positive , have fun , smile , be very energetic .
2fG9Vk3PooE i  m cindra of abundance here tonight with expert village , we  re going to be talking now about accessories . now michelle is wearing several different things and i want to talk about a few different aspects of the jewelry she is wearing . first of all , the nice thing that you can do with black is put jewelry with it , so here she is with just a simple black top but she  s got great jewelry , the silver earrings , a silver necklace . one of the things that i think is very important about the necklace is again it gives length , and it  s elongating , it narrows the line , you  re adding a good vertical line at the neck which is always very flattering . the earrings also are very flattering because they give a length here to the neck and one of the other things that you should always remember about accessories is ; earrings , necklace , purse it should go top to bottom , there should be some coordination , it doesn  t have to match but it should be well coordinated , they should go together . sometimes you can even do handbag and shoes as an accessory that are matching with matching earrings so that you have the three pieces with top to bottom . here michelle is taking it with the purse , the handbag and the necklace and the earrings as well as the bracelet . it adds interest and it gives the eye a vertical line .
EhTbhNjZxLU in this clip we 're going to talk about how to mix permanent hair color . permanent hair color lifts color off of the hair and it becomes permanent . and what we 're going to talk about here is different types also . we have cream colors and they 're in tubes . and it 's usually a white cream that you see when their in the tube . ok and we 're going to show you in a minute when i mix it . we also have liquid colors out there that you mix equal parts or depending on the company their own instructions on how to mix it . usually it 's equal parts and you mix a liquid in a bottle and you shake it and then you apply it on the hair . there 's also different ways to shake the color , the permanent hair color . we can use mixers like this , bowl and brush or we can actually use like i said a liquid , for liquid use a bottle . ok so i 'm going to show you right now how to mix this permanent hair color which is in a tube and it 's creamy . this company has cc 's that you mix in , it 's five cc 's so it 's every increment here , every line that you see here is ten cc 's . ok. i 'm going to mix thirty cc 's which would be about an ounce of color . ok. you need your key here to turn that and mix it with that brush now in a minute . after we go ahead and take this some developer here and we 're going to use twenty volume developer , you can use any kind of developer . in this company you can use from five to forty depending on how much lift you want in your hair color , in your permanent hair color . usually permanent hair color you need at least twenty ok. so let 's go ahead and mix here . it would be also with this company , is actually they want you to do the tube here , they want you to use an ounce but with them they want you to use about two ounces of developer . so you 'll see that they , sometimes they 'll say an ounce to ounce which is equal parts or they 'll say an ounce of color to two ounces of developer . ok. cc 's would be thirty cc 's to sixty cc 's . we 're going to go ahead and mix the color first really well , nice and creamy in the bowl . they also have whisks now that you can use and you see them , it looks like in cooking you use but you 'll have like a whisk . and there you go you mix it , little bit at a time please . nice and creamy , make sure it 's not lumpy when you are mixing it ok cause then it does n't take well on the hair or takes different colors on the hair so you want to go ahead and do that .
BhZ9gPCbKFQ alright , so you can see we 've just sprayed the ends of the hair , so they 're kind of stuck together like glue , and we 're going to kind of finish that up . so you see this section is a little bit longer than this section here , so i want to just show you that technique on how to add some hair . so i 'm going to cross that over . this has got a little bit of long hair that i want to take from . and i 'm going to use some of this long hair , i 'm going to transfer it over to that shorter piece , and i 'm going to keep going . the hair is actually pretty sticky down here , and that 's pretty nice . because if it was n't , it would look really frayed . all of this hair here , wants to just stick out and just look like a flower , and that does n't look so pretty , that 's not the prettiest flower . alright , go the the very end . alright , and you 're going to add your rubber band . if you guys remember how we did that the last time . i 'm going to show you in our next segment just one more time how to do that .
2FQ_yxybeu8 next , we 're going to move onto coloring . it 's very easy to overdo your coloring , so a couple of tips here . first off , do n't make your strips just about the color that you pick for you characters . your characters should look good in black and white . never rely on color to add the life to your strip . it should be there to begin with . also , do n't consider having tons and tons of colors , everything that 's going in contrast , purples , yellows , oranges all in the same panel . if you do too much color , it 'll basically distract the eye . you 'll put the eye into sensory overload . definitely watch out for that as well . the other thing is to make sure that you 're consistent from stands at a stanza . if you have a situation where you 're putting in blue pants , like i 'm doing , in the next stanza they best still be blue pants , unless the character is changing clothes . make sure that you keep the same markers around . also , notice that right now i 'm using a very , very thick end of felt marker . for areas where there 's a lot of detail work , make sure you have the smaller felt tips available as well . the last thing you want to do after you 've spent all this nice time coloring everything in is to very sloppily go over your comic strips with various different shades on top of the black and white .
e8B4Wim39bU what 's up , it 's james . alright , i want to talk briefly about the specialty items we 're talking about that go to the dry cleaners . so , this suit i actually wore out a little while ago , and i have n't taken it back in . and when i wore it out , we went to a party after the event , and i had the jacket kind of sitting around , and it got pretty like- it got a little bit beat up . and , i mean the next time i have an occasion , basically what i 'm going to do is go take it to the dry cleaner i took it to . and if you need to find a dry cleaners , just look on the internet or look in the phone book . and then just know that when you take it in , you 're going to have to leave it there for a few days , so just plan that with the occasion , because it sucks if you need it like right away , and you take it in , and then you ca n't get it back out , you 're kind of screwed . so , just look up a dry cleaner close to you , and then make sure you put a nice amount of time in between when you need the item . and then , i do n't know definitely look for the best deal too , because there 's some cheap really good dry cleaners out there , so .
0pKzG0RRUz4 another technique is you can braid the hair on first and then start wrapping cause some people have really short hair and we can create the look with adding the hair end . so no matter what the length of your hair , long as it 's long enough to add a , at the hair on , we can start by braiding it on , then braid , then wrap and you can make this as thick as you like , whatever size you like , whatever color you like . i like the lock extensions because it 's not damaging to your hair at all , because you can add color without actually coloring your hair , you just wrap on a different color . i really like that . you can get instant length , which i love . and , we have a skinny one and we have a little fatter one . and we can them even fatter . whatever length , we can just keep on adding hair forever and ever and it will just go on and on . we can make them as long as we want .
3UNti3GxaFY in this section i 'll be talking about step number seven in the process of teaching a child how to swim . step number seven you 're definitely going to have them , you know , now they 're putting their head in the water , they 're kicking their feet and everything . but what you definitely want to do is teach them how to breathe . so , what i mean by that is , a kid or anybody , some people have their heads and they pick them up . really , they just want to keep , what they initially started , airplane float , alright . so the chin is touching the chest and all you want to explain to them is you 're just going to dip your ear into the water and you 're going to take a deep breath through your mouth on one side . then of course do the same thing , just have them twist , a nice gentle twist to where the chin 's almost touching the shoulder and you take a deep breath and then they put it back in . and it 's just a nice even rotation . so your head is literally even in the water and just a nice little rotation to one side and again it 's a nice little rotation to the other side . and this you want to go over with the child and explain to them . and if you have to , i 've done this in the past as well , hold on to their arms or their waste and tell them to do it in the water . and that will make them really comfortable , because really it 's all about technique and teaching them the foundations of doing it right the first time around . because once you teach someone just you or me , once you learn something wrong the first time , that 's already instilled in you . so , you really want to make sure that they learn how to just twist their head on one side , put their head in the water again , chin touching chest gently , then quickly you know put the head to the other side and then take a deep breath . and always remind them to just breathe in through the mouth and then breathe out through the nose . this step is in continuation with step number seven . this is going to be the breathing . so the head , head under water and just a slight little twist . and then on the other side as well .
aUBQCNegrYc gina kennedy : balance poses can be very challenging and a little scary when they 're upside down . through the use of blocks , it can make the fear go right out of it , or at least we hope so . so , faith is going to help me demonstrate bakasana , or the crane balance . so , we 're just going to have her come over to her hands and curl her toes under . yeah , she 's going to take her knees wide and place her hands in between her knees and spread her fingers nice and wide ; now , notice how she bent her elbows and pull them to the insides of her knees . good . she 's going to pull her belly in and lift her tailbone up and bring her knees to her upper arm bones . good . she 's going to transfer her weight a little bit forward , and just lean her head right on that block , and what this does is takes the fear out of falling forward . good . then also , we 're going to take a block and place it under her feet . there . so , basically , she has more points to lean on and she does not have to worry about falling over . good . i 'm going to release the block and slowly come back down . good . so , if that 's still even a little scary for you , you might try having a pillow in front and a pillow under your tail so you 're not worried about falling over . because the key to arm balance poses is to lose your fear .
5j-LhuIdtwU so we just went over hair pulls , another similar type of move is choking when you want to choke somebody . so , what i 'm going to teach you now is two different types of choking moves when you 're doing stage combat . the first one i 'm going to show you is really simple , it 's where i 'm going to take my my hands and place them just like this . you kind of make a little birdie with your hands . so what i 'm going to do is when i come to audrey , this one you 're not going to do the distance because usually when you do this you 're going to come in at the person . so the first thing you want to do is always remember you 're going to have that eye contact cue between you and the other actor . so you come in , hands come together , they go from the top because you never want to come in like this . if for some reason the actors not ready or you catch them off guard by some chance you might just gage them in the neck with this area of you hand and you do n't want to do that . so , remember always come down like that , now that i 've placed my hands on audrey she 's going to grab my forearms and again just like the hair pull she 's in control . so now i 'm choking audrey , it 's crazy audrey is loosing air , but she decides when she 's done . she 's in control the whole time , she decided when to stop , she was doing all the acting , i was merely just putting my hands there and that 's the first type of choke . now the second type of choke is a little different but very similar . what i 'm going to do instead of this position , i 'm going to put my hand just like this and instead of coming down over the top i 'm going to come straight in . the reason why i can do this is because after i made that eye connection cue between me and audrey i 'm going to come in like this , she 's going to take her hand and put them around my thumbs just like that and she 's going to bring my hands in and again she 's in control . so now this is happening and i 'm choking audrey and i 'm not doing anything , she 's choking herself at this point and she let 's go when she 's done . she has her hands there protecting her neck and that 's how you do two basic choke moves .
3mNiYNwvP3M wally reule : hi . my name is wally reule . i 'm a personal trainer , owner of sedonafit , and i 'm here on behalf of expert village . this is the delta station , the final station . this is for -- primarily for floor exercises , for lower body . i 'm going to do a few upper body exercises we can do . what we 're going to actually start with what movement called hip abduction , which means moving out like this in both ways . hip abduction is so important as we age , particularly , to help us keep our balance because as we 're walking along , if we 're going to tip over to the right , we just automatically do that . i 'm exaggerating that , of course , but when we lose our ability to do that , we lose our confidence and our ability to walk . and that 's what happens to many older people as they stop walking , they compensate fortified walking with wider stance and shuffling their feet , and then sometimes they sit down and never get up again . so it 's very important to maintain these muscles , the hip abductors , which i 'm going to demonstrate an exercise for that right now .
4VqjE6QyLgU hello this is rob rubin and you 're watching expert village . something you might have noticed is that when we come up on a bunker we shoot with this hand but then when we switch sides we switch hands . this is a skill called shooting switch . what that means is we are going to shoot with the left hand coming up the left hand side and with the right coming in on the right hand side . now you are probably saying why do you want to do that ? why do n't you just bring the gun over like this and shoot with your dominate hand ? there is a simple reason for that and that is that number one - if you are shooting like this you 're not going to get any accuracy because you ca n't really sight down the barrel , you 're not going to get any real skillful shots out of it because this is not exactly a comfortable shooting position and this is not exactly the tightest way to play and if you do n't hold the marker right you are going to leave this way out and that is not good . so what you are trying to do is you are trying to train yourself to shoot off handed . this comes in handy when you are playing on both sides of the field , especially when you are coming up the left and the right and you can control multiple angles . the hardest skill in shooting switch is not actually shooting off handed it is switching hands with your paintball marker . this is actually a lot more difficult than it sounds because you do n't want to drop this , bad thing . do n't drop this so the only real way to practice is repetition , do it over and over again . it is really easy to do , just come out one side and as you are switching smoothly transfer from one hand to the other come out on the other hand and smoothly change from one hand to the other and just keep on doing it over and over again . remember our scene from snapshooting in front of your television , this is another skill you can do just in front of the tv . if you are watching television you really have nothing else that you want to be doing . just keep switching back and forth and eventually it becomes second nature .
5UOwBRJfVJ0 tonight we are going to do what we call a pack cup . it 's a race to hawaii . we have to abide by the offshore racing rules . the boats set-up here in the bay pretty much sail anywhere ; up and down the coast and such here and out over in the bay there . once you hit the open ocean , there , you make some long distance passages . out there there are different rules you have to abide by . access to your hatch boards , whether you 're inside the boat or outside you have to be able to unlock the boat . you have to have another emergency rudder just in case your steering fails or a whale comes up and knocks your rudder loose . you have to have a way to steer the boat . all boats , especially if they have a wheel out there are required to carry an emergency tiller . if you happen to break a steering cable or something or have a steering failure and ca n't steer with the wheel you grab your little wench handle come here and open up this access . it gives you access to the rudder post . you come over here and stick that right down the slot like that . then you steer the boat just by turning this . you ca n't turn real fast out there , but it 'll turn the boat if you have to in an emergency .
EILBIs55ilk hi , i am going to show you how to do a decline push up with a glut lift using the bosu ball . how we are going to do this is we are going to kneel down on to your knees on top of the bosu ball , walk your hands out so you are away from the ball . modification is going to stay on your ball with the knees and we are going to push up . spread your fingertips out wide , head is even with the hands , we 're dropping down into our push up nose towards the floor and we are going to lift up with the leg as you want your glut extension , point your toe or flex your heel and bring it back down and it is inhale and exhale , reach . you can also bend your knee if you want to drive it up here nice and slow up and down . full version of this , come out on your toes , stabilizing the torso , drop down into your push , up , lift up at your glut lift . you can do one at a time or put them both together . if you put them both together , lift the leg up off the ball , drop down , lift up , drop down , lift up and try to execute the movement back to back between 6 to 8 reps on each side and the switch them . continue the push up with both hands but alternate from your right leg to your left leg so you are going to do about 6 to 8 reps on your left , and 6 to 8 reps on your right and this will work definitely across the chest , shoulders and triceps , really get into your gluts so you are going to be actively activating your ab muscles so we have got a lot of work going on all over the body so keep those strong and enjoy 2 to 3 sets and you will feel a big difference in your body so that is how we do our decline push up using the bosu ball and a glut lift combination .
CP01_GsTIus john vandebrooke : this is john vandebrooke and on behalf of expert village , i am inviting you to take a look at our series of intermediate stages of encaustic painting . now , i started cutting up little patterns , making little small art pieces out of cut-up pieces of wax paper , and i thought , `` well , why ca n't i do this on a large scale ? '' so , i laid out a pattern , cut it up , and then began to wax the separate sections . now , in this case , i took this kimono dress or chinese dress , and laid out , cut out the different sections , and then waxed each sections separately . and then in the center section , i not only waxed it , but i laid , again , kleenex on top of it and soaked the kleenex into the -- combined it with wax and some metallic waxes to get this look here . the background in here , again , was wax with tissue paper to give it that softer look . and then just to add an interesting little touch , i went and got some of that soft children 's play material , it 's a lot like a soft paper product , made little squares and then took a rubber stamp , stamped that little prosperity symbol or wealth symbol into the paper to create that little image in the different areas . so , this idea of making patterns and expanding them is something really interesting to think about .
aSbH4b3Z14M all right . in this section , we 're going to talk about the approach for your 5-o . it 's very similar to the approach for your 50/50 . you just want to stay flat on your base . and when you ollie into your 5-o , you just want to make sure that you 're ollieing onto your back foot . remember , just stay straight until you get on and then pop a little ollie onto the box . you want to go ahead and point it from right about here . you can take turns up until this point , but if you take any turns after this point , you 'll probably end up on an edge on the box . and you do n't want that . so go ahead and make sure that your base is flat . and at the lip , you want to pop a little ollie and land in 5-o . and that 's , basically , how you approach a 5-o on a box .
Ch6nqZwWgbw hi , i 'm beth pry from mindlinks on behalf of expert village and i have with me , today , brad brewer who is deep in hypnosis at this moment . what we 're going to talk about regarding self hypnosis is how do you focus on your feelings in hypnosis ? well , one important thing to know before we actually get into that is to know that when you 're in hypnosis you have the uncanny ability to feel much more deeply than you do in an awake state . you also have the ability to see yourself where you want to be . you have the ability to visualize and know . not all of us see things in hypnosis because we may not be visual people . however , we do either feel where we want to be or we just somehow know where we want to be and some of us even hear what we want to hear . but here we have brad deep in hypnosis and i 'm talking , i know that i 'm not disturbing him because he 's very practiced at being in hypnosis . but , i 'm going to ask him some questions . i 'm focusing on his feelings in hypnosis . now , we have already set the intention that what he wants to be is a competitive golfer , not having to compete daily since he is a business owner , but have the fun loving spirit and know that he is competing yet he is not taking golf to seriously . that 's the intention that he has set for this self hypnotic session . so , what he wants to be focusing on is the feelings of being a very happy , joyful golfer playing at a competitive level . so , brad in hypnosis , i 'm just going to ask you , keep focusing on that and if you can just tell us how it is that you feel . how it is that you feel as a competitive golfer knowing that you 're fun loving and that you can still compete at a competitive level ? what does that feel like to know that about yourself and be there as if you 're already in that spot ? i feel very relaxed and calm . he 's feels very relaxed and calm . very good . i feel very confident over the shot . he feels very confident . excellent ! so this is how he focuses on his feelings . he thinks about his intention and then he puts himself in that place as if he 's already there . and he can actually feel himself being in the place that he already wants to be in . that 's how you focus on your feelings when you 're in hypnosis .
21BHzn_li1s so let 's talk about bedroom furniture . in the bedroom , there are different things that go in the bedroom . you can put a dresser , which is the long dresser . a dresser is used to put your whites , your t-shirts , your pants . do n't put anything to heavy because the drawers again are not designed to put anything that heavy . but the dressers design again , is to hold accessory pieces to make it look good . designed to put your perfumes , colognes . you also with the dresser can put a mirror . if you like that mirror to see yourself to see how good looking you are in the mirror . so you have the mirror here design . you can have a wide mirror like this again for you wide people . you can have a mirror that 's wide , you can have a tall mirror . besides the dressers , they also carry chests . the chest again is designed for your whites , your socks , your pants and different things . again , they use this again for spacing . if you do n't have the space , go with the dressers . it 's a nice piece again to use that , because you 've got to be able to put your clothes away . besides the chest , you have night stands , which are to this side over here . the night stands are a smaller piece . again designed to put your , to put a lamp . so you can see at night to read a book . you can actually put again your whites and different things in there .
1d7KZMgb-5k now measure the height of your drum , you 're just going to measure from the floor to the top . this is about 27 and a 1/2 inches , make sure you get that exact . so we have the distance around , we 're just going to basically draw out a the cylinder shape on , you can double check after . so we 're going to take 27 and a 1/2 , leave yourself an inch up from the bottom and we 're going to have excess room , we 're actually , the height of our drum is 27 inches so at 27 inches we need to have it be 53 inches around or across . but we 're going to leave extra because we want the bag to come to the center of the head , so 27 to here but then leave as much as you can . i 'm not going to cut anything off this way until later , if i cut anything . so we 're going to take an inch up from the bottom so we 're , if it , i want this drum to be 27 we 're going to say 28 because we want to leave a seam at the bottom . so i 'm going to measure to 28 .
2oTXmvewWGg hi , my name is don snyder , executive director of the national skeet shooting association , on behalf of expertvillage.com . what we are about to do now is engage the high house target from station four on the skeet field . the only thing that really changes at this station is the lead . the lead now , as advertised , is four foot . now four foot is kind of a misnomer , what that equates to is approximately four fingers from the end of the muzzle , and i 'll show you , of course this being the muzzle or the `` business end of the shotgun '' , if you 've got four fingers out in front of that shotgun , to see that as a lead , you should be just about right to complete this shot . okay , with that said , we talked about the stance and the muzzle , you want to break this target approximately right about the center stake . if you 'll notice that little white stake in the middle of the field , that is your center stake and that 's where you want to basically try to break every target that you shoot from a skeet field . okay , what we 'll try to do is attempt this shot . again , pointing your left foot , as a right handed shooter , right at the center stake , or maybe a little bit past to allow a good follow through . load the shotgun keeping the muzzle safe down range , `` pull '' ! and that should complete a successful shot at high four . again , you must remember these are basic instructions for just a beginner to help them start in the game of skeet shooting .
DFS7SJjoSWk we 're going to want to put a thin coat of glue over the top of the image as well . the real trick over here is keeping the image as flat as possible , getting rid of any creases . that also is the reason why we put the glue over the top of the image because it helps us work out any kind of folds or creases that might have happened as we placed it down on the glue . because this glue is a little bit thicker than a regular the regular kind of glue , the white glue that is a little bit more runny , so we need to actually to use a paint brush to apply this glue . which also gives us a little bit more control over how much we 're putting on . of course this white glue even though its a little bit thicker and it goes on even actually see it as a thicker layer but it will dry clear and give a nice look to the napkin it will actually be very matted down .
aQujBIWA2L8 to begin we 're going to start stretching our neck , we 're going to gently pull to the right side by bringing our left arm down . and you 're going to gently stretch , `` ohh my neck pop there , it goes '' . not everybody 's neck is going to pop , but this is really good if you have a lot of tension in your neck , which most of us do , we carry a lot of tension on our neck . you want to hold every stretch for about twenty to thirty seconds . just holding it there , taking some deep breaths in . if you want , pretend you 're in hawaii , next to the ocean . or take your mind some place that makes you happy . and now we 're going to release that stretch , bring it to the other side , gently stretching to the left side . one side maybe tighter than the other , that 's common in most people . and just hold it there , take some deep breaths in , you can close your eyes if you want , stretching as a time for you . and go ahead and release that . next , we 'll do some additional neck stretching exercises .
3AtW-mFPVYM matt cail : hello . i 'm matt cail and on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you today how to organize and set up and tame your own art studio . the next thing to consider is protecting your drafting table . drafting tables are not cheap , although , i highly recommend picking up some second hand . usually , they 're very well treated and you 'll get them for anywhere from fifty percent to twenty-five percent what you 'll pay for them through like an art store . so , definitely , consider getting a second hand drafting table . but regardless of whether or not it 's brand new , second hand , third hand or eighteenth hand , you want to make sure that you 're taking care of your property , and drafting tables can take a pounding . that 's because a lot of times people do not protect the surface of the drafting table which can result in a whole lot of problems . let me demonstrate . you 're deep into your latest abstract masterpiece . here 's your piece of paper , the yellow , and this is your table , the white . you 're just so into it , everything is just free flowing and then , ohhh , whoopity ! oh , that 's too bad . if this actually had n't had this white piece of paper down on here , you would have just marred your table . now , to avoid mistakes like that , there are a couple of very easy things for you to do . first off , you can go out and you can get like a really super expensive little thin film that you can then -- will probably perfectly fit the model of your table , they literally manufacture them down to the table model and then there you go . you 're covered . that 'll probably last you several for years . those are also very expensive . you can go out instead and get a very thin layer of plastic , which you can put over . personally , i prefer paper . i go out and get a couple of good pieces of big scrap paper . i get some tape . i tape it down . this will last me anywhere from three to six months depending on how busy my commission schedule is on drawings i 'm doing for customers . and it 's nice and thick so , even if you have like pens that really have a lot of ink that are going to soak through , this type of paper stock is definitely going to keep from marring your drafting table .
FEpG3s1rG9Y ok , the biggest thing when you clean out this , you want to make sure you 're not cross contaminating with your beans , or coleslaw , or your dairy products so again you 're going to get all of your items and make sure you run them through either a really hot dishwasher or clean them really good with soap and water . we are going to use our sanitizing solution . we always sanitize all of our cutting boards every night . we bleach them . they have to be plastic cutting boards . we ca n't use wood in the restaurant business because real food particles get in pores and they fester so we also run this through the dishwasher . the biggest thing you want to remember is leaving food out . you never want to leave food out . you have a four hour window . so if you are traveling somewhere and you do n't have a cooler or something you have to have it cool or heated within the four hours . to cool the product down you want to make sure it 's below forty and then to warm it up it always need to be at one sixty-five .
4A2ZvNb596I this advanced pilates exercise is called the roll over . now please be mindful of this exercise if you have any back issues . you should have already built up a strong foundation so that you can perform this exercise . so you want to come on down to your back , extend your legs up towards the ceiling , pull your shoulder blades back and engage your abdominal muscles . inhale to prepare , then exhale as you roll your legs over to about parallel towards the floor , separate your legs about shoulder width apart , flex your feet and then imprint down nice and slowly . then lower your legs down as far as you can and without popping off your back off the mat . you want to keep your lower back connected , squeeze your legs together , roll over , inhale , separate your legs , flex your feet and exhale as you lower down then you can reverse that by keeping your legs separated as you roll over squeezing your legs together and bringing your legs down . again keep the small of your back on the mat . so we are really working the core , stretching the lower back and lengthening the legs and that is your roll over .
ERDsfRRMuow so the first thing to do when you are checking or replacing the coolant in the air conditioning system is turn the fans to high , all the temperature settings on the coldest and turn it on to the air conditioning setting . so once you are under the hood of the car figure out where your low and high pressure lines are for your air conditioning system and only use the low and what you are going to do is get a gage and get the air conditioning you want and you clamp the gage on or some screw on . once you have the cap put on the line it will have a gage and it will say low , filled , or alert and so under 25 pounds it needs to be filled . anywhere between 25 and 45 means it is fine but over 45 pounds it has too much pressure which means you might have a problem with the system or it is over filled and if that is the case you need to drain it . the tube you are looking for is usually between the compressor which is on the engine and the evaporator which would be the part which is on your dash or on the firewall and it depends where it is , on some cars it is on the driver 's side and some the passenger 's side so check with the owner 's manual and that is the best way to figure out where it would be .
CFvpNj8sWMo in this segment , we 're going to discuss the strings of the guitar and the specifics of them . the gauge of the strings which is the size and thickness of them . and we 'll talk about how to take a string off of the guitar , and we 'll also talk about how to put a string onto the guitar , and also the different types of guitars . putting a string onto , say a nylon string guitar is a lot different than putting one onto a double ball guitar . we 'll talk about the different ways to tune using the using the fifth fret , using a hand held tuner , or using a foot pedal tuner . you can also use harmonics , and we 'll talk about restringing , a little bit more intricate guitars like the floyd rose tremolo , which can be a little bit more complicated due to its locking system and the fact that it 's floating which allows the tremolo to go up and to go down .
5ppQgX8DkJU an important trick to learn when you 're juggling three clubs is called `` over the top '' . it 's very similar to the ball version , but with clubs you have to worry about the spin . so to get a club to travel from the outside of this hand to the outside of this hand , is a little more complicated than doing it with a ball . with a ball you can just do a normal throw over the top . with a club , what you actually have to do is turn the throw sideways , so that it will spin like this , over to your other hand . i 'll show you what that looks like . it 's over the top , with a club . if you see , my throws like this are in a plane traveling out from me like this , spinning this way . my throw over the top is in a plane ninety degrees from that , and spinning like that ... something like that . so , when i put that into the pattern again , just like that . now this throw 's a little complicated at first . you have to think about turning your wrist to the outside , and then throwing over . to make this work , what we 're going to do is just practice with one club . so be like this . you 'll have your normal throwing stance . you 're going to turn your club out ninety degrees . and then you 're going to flick it out to the side . you only want it to spin once , and then as it 's coming down like this , you need to catch ninety degrees out again with your left hand , like that . now you need to get this throw clean with both hands , so that you can do the over the top pattern with either hand . something like this . so it takes quite a bit of practice , but if you work on it long enough , you can work it into your pattern . it 's a very good visual effect , people like how it looks . it 's over-the-top with three clubs .
DzS4E3tcdqw in this video we 're going to be talking about back cross multiplexes . now , even though the name is pretty complicated , the trick itself is not that complicated . i think it 's one of my favorites . it looks something like this . as you can tell it 's just a back cross multiplex . to do this , obviously you need to know how to throw a clean multiplex , like that , two balls out of one hand . you also need to have a very clean back cross . like that . what we 're going to do , is we 're going to stack the two balls in our strong hand just like this , with one on our fingers and one in our palm , and then to make the throw we 're going to bring it around our back , and when it 's down here we 're going to flick our wrist straight up so we get some separation between these two balls . just like this . now the third ball is going to be being thrown out of your weak hand over to your right hand . so it will be like this . so after you make this back cross you need to pull your hand right back out to catch that third ball . just like you were doing with normal back cross . something like that . now this is important to learn with both hands , just like any other trick . so you need to get it down with your right and your left hand . now , some of my favorite patterns to make this work . you can alternate . so , left , right . let 's try that one more time , left , right , and such on , and you can keep going and doing back cross multiplexes .
BXbhSux7TH4 let 's talk about double strokes off the bass drum , off the head of your bass drum . now doubles , the same two , it 's a two stroke . now if you are playing heels up with that you are just going to do the same as a single . you are going to come in , you 're going to push down but the beater , the head is off the head . it is not going to go as far away . it is going to stay closer whereas in a single it comes back a little bit farther but with a double it is going to hit once , come back to right about there and then do it again . then you can apply that and you can have really cool , you know , really cool little grooves and beats that you can do along the drums like ... and that will enhance your sound a little bit .
eWGG82qEZlg hi , this is jeff with the two wheeler dealer . today i 'm going to talk to you about how to buy a bike trainer . there 's three main types of indoor trainers on the market right now . being a wind trainer , a magnetic trainer and a fluid trainer . the wind trainer which i have demonstrated here , basically uses the resistance of the wind to create the resistance against your riding . basically it kind of gives you a very linear sense of resistance . once you get it ramped past a certain speed it 's not going to keep giving you a higher resistance . the nice thing about the mag trainer is that it does have varying degrees of resistance that you can adjust . which basically adjusts the magnets closer together to give you varying degrees of resistance . and with the fluid trainer , basically has a turbine and a fluid liquid . that as you pedal harder , the more force that you put into it , the more resistance that it 's going to give back . which basically with that , you 'll just shift into a harder gear on your bike and it 'll give you harder resistance . it 's going to give you the most lifelike feel to riding on the road . but just sitting in the house riding in front of your tv . wind trainers start at about $ 100.00 . the mag trainers are about , about $ 180 . and the fluid trainers start about $ 280 to $ 300 . and this is how you by an indoor cycling trainer .
BvPP6L1SRGw hi , i 'm jeremy here on behalf of expert village . i 'm here to talk to you a little bit more about the different variety of balloons you can use for creating balloon animals . right now we 're going to go ahead and talk about rounds and heart shape balloons . these are the ones that you do n't use very often they are very specialized you can only use them for certain things . one obviously if you need something round or heart shape rounds themselves can only be used for something they are hard to twist and make other shapes . but for example once again the alien you notice his face printed on there they have printed rounds with different types of faces on them . also even if you were to use a sharpie and draw on the round shape it just makes it better alien embryo . the other design the heart i used in this insect eyes i 'll go ahead and take them out for a minute so i can show you , now they look like a pair of kidneys . you undo them it 's actually a heart shape balloon you twist them and pop them actually most of the time you do n't want to pop them . but you 've seen the insect before hand and how it goes in there and that is how you use a hearts and rounds . for a cheaper alternative to the rounds you can actually use long balloons as long as you do n't want to blow them up too large . other than that per balloon they are a little bit more expensive than probably the 260s but less expensive than the 350s and 646s .
eTbkYUC3TD4 when you 're planning out your trek , you also need to consider water sources . some places will actually have water spikets , some campsites will . it 's not really common , but it does happen sometimes . but then you also need to know that there 's not always going to be little streams going by , and just because it 's on the map does n't mean that this year that 's where the stream falls . so once again , you need to talk to the people who work at the national park , or wherever it is that you 're going backpacking , and you need to find out , you know , is there a water source along the way , or is there a water source near by ? is there a little creek that i can get water from ? sometimes there will be a little creek , but it 'll be really slow and stagnant , and it 'll be on the map and you 'll be counting on it for water , but then when you get there , it 's all mucky and disgusting , and you ca n't use it to drink water . so , finding out where you can get clean water , or water that you can at least purify enough to drink it is really , really important before you go on your trek .
C5BFD7Ra3IY in this clip i 'm going to talk to you about who should get wraps and who should not get wraps . wraps are safe for almost everybody . however , if you are chlostrophobic , definitely not , because you are going to be wrapped with your arms to your side . you can ask to have your arms out , but then you 're not really going to get the full benefit of the treatment . another person that should n't have this treatment is someone that has high blood pressure . we always do a verbal consultation . when i go in to the room , i 'll ask my client , i 'll say , lizzy , do you have high blood pressure ? are you on any medications for your heart ? no . no ? so , we 're safe in that respect . i 'm also going to ask her is she has a shellfish allergy . do you have a shellfish allergy ? no ? ok. do you have any open soars or wounds ? we always want to double check that . no . no ? good . so , lizzy has the green light to get the treatment because she seems to be in good health , and she 's not cholostrophobic . are you ? no . ok. anyone who 's looking to lose a couple inches before a big event , or calm down any skin irritations , this is a great treatment for them . and as you can see , there is no redness on my client . she is just as smooth as can be and glowing . and , will you be back again for this treatment ? absolutely . good .
5SaobTrAnpo hi . i 'm chris behrens with summerhays music center , here in murray , utah . and today , we 're going to show you how trumpets work . how the trumpets work is you have a mouthpiece ; you have a trumpet . you put the mouthpiece into what is called the receiver . then once you blow the air , the air passes through all the tubes , which go into this valve section . and how you get the different notes on a trumpet is by pressing the different valves . you can either press the buttons one at a time or a combination of the different buttons will give you the different sounds . then the air will pass from the valve section through the bigger part and come out the bell . and that 's what gives you your sound . also , the different things that can affect the tone , pitch , tuning on the trumpet is the different valves or slides , as they 're called . you can adjust the slide for making it be a sharper or flatter tune . and you can adjust the slides for the same thing . and then the biggest part of how you make this trumpet work is blowing air into the trumpet . and what you work on is called your ambisher . and by ambisher , we mean how it looks when you have the trumpet mouthpiece up to your mouth . that is your ambisher and how you blow the air through it . these are just the basics on how a trumpet works . if you have any other questions , you can visit our website at summerhaysmusic.com and ask us any questions you would like .
btCuAxlXuo4 hi , this is aaron bland on behalf of expert village and i 'm going to demonstrate for you a 2-3 rumba clave . this is a very cool pattern because it eludes to count one , because you 're not actually playing on count one , you 're going to be playing on the note right before count one . which is going to be , technically , at the very , very end of the pattern . it 's the third note of your three when you 're playing a 2-3 rumba clave . like i said , it 's just like the 3-2 , just switched around . here 's what is sounds like with the count off so you can kind of place in your head where the whole thing starts . one , two , three , four , one . ( demo ) one , two , three , four . so there 's a demonstration , at least , of the 2-3 rumba clave . again , used in a lot of salsa music . kind of pushing the tempo a little bit . by not playing on count one but playing at the end of the measure , right before the pattern comes back in to repeat itself . it gives the feeling that you 're pushing the tempo along . you 're pulling the beat forward a little bit by playing right before where you would expect the downbeat to go . here 's that 2-3 rumba clave with an 8th note count behind it . 1 , and 2 , and 3 , and 4 , and 1 , and 2 , and 3 , and 4 , and 1 , and 2 , and 3 , and 4 , and 1 , and 2 , and 3 , and 4 , and 1 , and 2 , and 3 , and 4 , and 1 , and 2 , and 3 , and 4 , and 1 , and 2 , and 3 , and 4 , and 1 , and 2 , and 3 , and 4 , and 1 , and 2 , and 3 , and 4 , and . there you have it .
1LgVgklOYCQ dr. michelle cohen : there is another kind of body language that 's very important to remember especially if you 're in interviews or trying to make a good impression on someone . it 's called `` relaxed and confident body language . '' and as in the word relaxed , you are going to show that you are relaxed . you 're not going to be slouching as in boredom or sleepiness . you 're going to be sitting up straight but you 're relaxed . usually , your legs are not crossed . you can have maybe your ankles cross behind you . open gestures are great like we discussed a little bit earlier . you have your hand maybe on the side of the chair or on your leg , but you 're relaxed . you 're looking at that person and movements are always slow when you 're relaxed . eye contact is really important , not glaring at someone , just keeping your eyes straight at them . gentle smiles are also really important , nodding slowly . and also when you 're trying to express relaxed body , you use your hands like this , gently . you never use this . you never use this . it 's always as a matter of fact . so , you 're nodding your head sometimes . you 're looking directly at the person . your body is open . it 's relaxed . and again , you can use this in job interviews , when you 're meeting someone for the first time , any kind of new social situation , or on a blind date . you were really trying to make a good impression and trying to say , `` i 'm not a nervous person . i 'm not uncomfortable . '' these are the things you can do if you are feeling that way .
DiSTHRx8U4s the drink we are about to make is called the bleacher creature . sounds creepy right ? well in fact it is not creepy , it is a very tasty shot and a very strong one too . we are going to set up two shot glasses and we are going to fill them about half way with 151 , so that is 151 proof rum which is as we all know very strong . after that we are going to fill it the rest of the way with some butterscotch schnapps . there we go and now before you serve or drink your bleacher creature you want to tell a dark and creepy story about the creature that lived under the bleachers and we all know that that creature saw a lot of butts because obviously he was under the bleachers and that 's the end of the story . thank you , bottoms up .
EE405_EyqGA on behalf of expertvillage.com , my name is allison at western art glass . i 'm going to be showing you in this step how to put your paper pattern onto the glass so you can cut them out . on the last step i have showed you how to number them and mark your grain . over here on this pink paper i 'm going to be actually be spraying a glue on back of the paper pattern . then apply it to the glass . glue is glue so you want to spray it on paper , onto your pattern pieces and then put it on the glass . cause otherwise the glue gets everywhere it would be a complete mess . so to shake it out just put a little mist spray on there , pick it up . remember those grain lines we put on the glass maps them ( excuse me the grain lines on the paper ) match them on the glass . get all of your paper pattern pieces on there and go from there . on the next step i 'm going to show you how to cut glass so check it out .
DHSwoLzf_Dc hi , i 'm lori schneider with figs catering in austin , texas . on behalf of expert village , today we are going to show you how to make a baked spaghetti squash casserole with sun dried tomatoes . the ingredients for the spaghetti squash casserole that you are going to need include sliced almonds , panko bread crumbs , kosher salt and black pepper , heavy cream , extra virgin olive oil , sun dried tomatoes , eggs , salted butter , parmesan cheese , fresh rosemary and of course , spaghetti squash . the equipment that you are going to need includes casserole pan , a sheet pan , a bowl , a chef 's knife and a micro plane as well as a cutting board . those are the things that you are going to need to make this spaghetti squash casserole .
3yttE1Hl7hc so , now we learned about the minor arcana cards . now it 's time to learn about the major arcana cards . right , and there are 22 major arcana cards in total . if you look at the top of each card , in this particular deck they are numbered , and it begins with zero , and each one of them will have a number on top . so , again , this is in this deck , it might change from deck to deck , pretty much not because they 're pretty set on what the major arcana are in each deck . we 'll just focus on three of them right now . the first card is call the fool , and it 's really , it 's being foolish , and it ? s really not looking at what 's in front of your face . sometimes , if you notice the picture on here as well , is that the dog down here is trying to get his attention and he 's just looking off into oblivion , not paying attention , he 's being very foolish , the dog could represent something pretty important in someone 's life about the attention that needs to be paid attention to . so , the pictures will tell the story too of what the card is , and that 's not only in the major arcana , it 's also in the minor arcana . the next card is the magician , and knowledge is power . if you look at him he 's got all the elements around him of what he 's trying to conjure , if you will , but it 's basically knowledge is power . now , the book that comes with the deck , gives a written meaning of each card . so , in this particular case i 'll read it . it says `` knowledge is power and empowerment through the understanding of our own abilities and the world around us . intelligence and initiative '' , and that is the magician . the next card is called the high priestess , and basically she looks very , very regal . the high priestess is a queen but it is really your own female intuition . it 's dealing with the ultimate female of knowledge . most females in today ? s societies are credited with a lot of intuition and that 's pretty much what the high priestess is . it talks about female intuition , spiritual awareness , and acceptance of life 's mysteries and that is what female intuition is , really . so , those are the beginning of the major arcana and we 'll look at the other cards in just a moment . great , ca n't wait to do that .
5JSgonj7crU hi ! i 'm chef rainer wickel and i am here today with expertvillage.com . well now i need to go over with you all the ingredients that we need to make this dish . of course , the very first thing that we need is two bananas and we also need dark rum . just get your favorite dark rum for this . we are going to be using about a quarter cup of this . remember this is the alcohol that we are going to sit on fire . we need banana liquor or get banana flavored rum and we are only going to be using about 1 tablespoon of this and this is to just give it this additional banana flavor . now we need vanilla ice cream . now traditionally bananas foster is served over ice cream but you can also serve it over waffles but traditionally vanilla ice cream is what is used . we are going to be putting vanilla ice cream on the dish with the bananas over and then pour the sauce over the top of ti . we need nutmeg and all spice . these are basic ingredients for the sauce . then we need 2 tablespoons of the butter . the reason that we are using 2 tablespoons of butter because this is what we are going to be frying all the spices and ingredients in and this is actually going to make up the base of our sauce and it has to be unsalted butter . we also need about a quarter cup of brown sugar . this is going to give it that nice sweet flavor . finally we will need 1 orange and the reason that we will need the orange is we are going to be putting about a 1/4 teaspoon of orange zest into it to give it that slight little orange flavor and we are just going to be using a grater to grate the zest into the mixture . and these are all the ingredients you are going to need to make bananas foster .
dDt-XPq6ir0 hi ! i 'm robin with trees-mom.com . we are making a video for expert village today . we 're making a crocheted wire gothic bracelet . in the gothic culture , they use a lot of black and white . what we 're going to do today is use our skulls and just use black and white . the skulls are black and white . we 're going to put black beads at the top of the skull and the bottom of the skull before we attach it to our bracelet . we 're going to lay out skulls . you can choose one to do in the middle . i 've chosen this big one that we 've put the split ring on . we 're just going to have it hanging in the middle . we will put some skulls with black beads on the top and bottom , and some skulls with the clear with the silver in the middle on the top and the bottom . we will just alternate them on the bracelet , so it will just be skulls and just be black and white all the way across .
5lSxFo3wZYo hi , this is sean hobson for expert village . what we want to talk about right now is getting a good stretch before you ever kick . now for kickers , you want to make sure that you extra stretch your legs . and there 's going to be some spots on your legs that you 're going to stretch differently from what a running back would or a receiver would . and a couple areas we 're going to talk about , first is , obviously , the quadriceps muscle up here at the top . now there 's a couple different ways you can do , you can lay down , you can put one foot underneath you , you can put one foot out and lean back . the one we 're going to show right now is just simply grabbing the foot and pulling it up . this also works on your balance . and you can just pull it back , get a good stretch , hold it for about twenty seconds , and that 's going to stretch the top of your legs out . but one important stretch that we want to do is the hip flexor because this is where you 're going to get a lot of your torque on your kicks . and for the hip flexor , what you want to do is you want to step one leg forward , one leg back , and you can see that he 's leaning back . and you 'll start to feel that pull right in here with that hip flexor muscle . and hold it again for about a twenty count . make sure you do both sides a couple of times . really get that stretched out . also if you do n't stretch it out , that part will get really really sore and it 'll keep you from kicking accurately .
dft_wKXvf7M i 'm dj poye , professional jeweler and gemologist and i 'm here on behalf of expert village . we 're going to talk a little bit about safety . when i come to the bench , if i 'm going to use my torch or something , i wear other glasses like these safety glasses and stuff , mostly because of fire scale popping or small piece of the boric acid that , that you dip your piece in , to eliminate the fire scale so it wo n't pop on your face and stuff . but i 've been wearing opti-visors for years and they are to optimize the piece to make it larger . so , i 've been so used to wearing these for so many years . there are definitely more tools out there , higher quality but i guess you just get used to what you get used to .
Fq7TNEDMEo8 hi , i 'm gary for expert village . now that our frames are on the animation time line , let 's work with some of the configurations of the animation time line , and see how to produce the effect that we are looking for . the first thing we want to do is right now we are only working with two frames . this is not too exciting because the only thing that is going to happen is the first frame is going to change very quickly to the second frame . and that 's not much of an animation . we want to create a little bit more of transition effect . so the way we do that , is we first want to ad some frames to the animation time line . we have another icon down here which looks like a series of little boxes going down in a diagonal line . and we see that when the cursor is on top of it the menu say tweens animations frames . we are going to click on that . i have already selected a number 7 , which is going to create seven additional frames on the time line ; which will give a nice transition effect . you can play with this , you can change the numbers . and once you see what we are going to do with the 7 frames that we adding right now . you will get an idea of what this number means and when you make the changes what different effect it will have . so i 'm going to keep it at 7 going to click ok. so we see now that on our animation time line , we have now added 7 frames . we have the first frame , and we have the last frame which was original the 2nd frame , and in between we added 7 frames . so our totally number of frames now is 9. and now we are ready to set the different configurations tools and settings to work with the animation .
EPqjGlShekE oh hi and welcome back today we are going to be grilling asparagus and the first step your going to want to do in grilling asparagus is cleaning and preparing your vegetables . the way i like to do it is the snap technique where it snaps it will eat . the nice thing about is generally they always end up with the same height and it is beautiful when you are going to your presentation . the next step would be washing your vegetables so we will come on over to our sink where we have our stainless steel strainer again and you are going to want to take cold water . cause cold water is our friend , hot water carries bacteria and you are going to want to give them a nice general rinse and once you are done you are going to give them a nice shake and you are going to bring them to our pot of water which is on a nice high heat . once it comes to a boil i like to keep it on a nice high heat just for the purposes of we like to cook it quick . i work in the restaurant business and the restaurant business you have to be quick . so once you put your lid on it 's roughly about i will say 2 minutes and then you could pull them out . once those are done we would move on to our next step which would be actually putting them on the grill and getting them prepare .
5GoaTbA8UYo hi my name is karl james owner of creolesoul catering located in round rock , texas and on behalf of expert village i 'm here to continue on with this series we call making a meal and in this is part two of that series of the first side dish which we are going to make garlic mashed potatoes . okay here we have our final dish from our series making a meal this part two the first side dish which consist of our garlic mashed potatoes . we peeled our potatoes , we boiled them until they where soft , then we mashed those with some minced garlic , we added some butter , a little milk , and also added a little bit of sour cream to that , we mixed all that up and then we used the mixer and whipped those potatoes to get them nice and fluffy as well as smooth . we transfer that to a baking dish , we put it in our oven about 350 degrees for about 15-20 minutes and we have our potatoes . like i said earlier you can use milk , you can use half and half , you could use condense milk our if want to you can use chicken broth it is up to you . anyway this is our garlic mashed potatoes .
aLjYC5hNkuk the marine organism we 're going to identify now is the sharp nosed puffer fish . the sharp nose puffer fish is one of the smaller members of the puffer fish and balloon fish family . it 's only two to three and a half inches long on average with a maximum recorded size of about four and a half inches . they are one of the more common puffer fish that one will see while snorkeling or diving around the reefs of the americas , and the caribbean islands . they can be found over sea grass beds , and on coral reefs often hanging out under ledges . they are generally solitary animals . the sharp nose puffer fish is relatively easy to identify . its back is usually brown , and its belly white to yellow gold . its tail is clear to a yellowish gold and it has dark borders which is the key differentiating feature between the sharp nose puffer fish and the gold faced tobi , a much less common member of the puffer fish family . it has a tiny , pointed mouth . the sharp nose puffer fish is somewhat skittish when approached by divers . but it is also curious . it will often start to swim away only to stop and turn and look back at a diver when it has moved only a few feet . some can be approached quite closely if one moves toward it very slowly . the sharp nose puffer fish feeds on sea grass , sponges , crabs , and other crustaceans as well as various types of worms , sea urchins , starfish , hydrides , and algae . they can often be observed plucking a morsel of food from the reef or sea grass bed even when it 's swimming away from a diver . sharp nose puffer fish exist as separate male and female specimens , although their color patterns do not differ . the sharp nose puffer fish builds a nest in a protected area of the reef , and eggs are laid by the female on the bottom of the reef and then the male swims over them to fertilize them . once fertilized , the sharp nose puffer fish guard their eggs from predators until they hatch . that 's the sharp nose puffer fish .
62POU3g8yyg hi , i 'm travis corpening and i 'm about to show you -- try to show you how to dunk on a ten foot basketball goal . here we are on camp on the beach recreation center we want to thank them for allowing us to be here , and what you want you want to do when you 're starting to take off and reach an actual ten foot basketball hoop , you want to make sure first of all that you can get the ball above the rim , now what you do you do several exercises to work on your vertical leap first to get your actually get your jumping ability or your vertical up high enough to where you can do it and , once you do that then you 're ready to go , so . you want to come up to the basket and it 's if it 's a ten foot goal you want to take off probably four feet away from the basket . you want to get a running start , because ten foot is really really high for people that are first trying to dunk but you want to get a running start and you want to take off about four to five feet out , after you take off you plant with that left foot if you 're right handed and you bring it up raise it above the rim that 's really important raise it above the rim because otherwise you try to slam it if you do n't get above the rim you going to get hung what we call hung in basketball and that 's when you slam the ball up against the side of the rim instead of actually getting it over the rim so can dunk it . so , there you have it dunking on a ten foot goal .
3_GF50qwZNU we 're going to start out doing some skin care . you really want to make sure you take care of your skin because your makeup is going to go on so much nicer if your skin underneath it has been prepped . and so , we just cleansed her face with water and cleanser , if you do n't have water , use a makeup remover wipe . make sure that , especially your eye area , is completely cleansed of all makeup and all makeup residue and your skin is completely clean . and so , after that , you want to start with a moisturizer . so , her skin is combination , so i 'm going to take an oil free moisturizer and i 'm going to just put it all over her face . if you have dryer skin , you want to use a moisturizer that 's a little more emollient . and anything with an spf is always good during the day , even if you know you 're not going to be outside very long , spf is really really important , it will save your skin in the long run . and you want to just put your moisturizer all over your face and , also , down your neck . do n't forget the neck , the neck is an important part of your face as well , you want the skin on your neck to look beautiful and glowing . and if you 're at home and you 're doing this by yourself , you can use your fingers ; just make sure your hands are very clean . just make sure it 's all blended and absorbed . you also want to put either an eye cream , or put a little more of your moisturizer just around your eye area . when you 're using a lot of powder around the eye areas , it tends to set in the lines of the eyes . you want to make sure that it 's nice and moisturized , that it does n't look dry . and , once your moisturizer is all blended in , the last thing you want to do is put on a lip conditioner . any lip conditioner will do , i 'm using one with a bit of tint to it , at night you can use a clear one , just anything that works really nice on your lips , that makes them nice and soft . and , if you put this on in the beginning , by the time you get to your lips it will all be absorbed and your lips will be nice and smooth and your lipstick and lip liner will go on really nice .
e6P3smg7jBY now what we 're going to do is we 're going to give our apple just a little bit of texture . make it look like it 's moving with the mouth inside of it . so what we 're going to do here is we 're going to actually take this photo that we have here . let 's select on apple in hand layer like so . and what we are going to do is we 're going to go ahead and go in here and filter and liquefy this . now , all you have to do in here while you 're in the liquefied mode is just to hit your command key . it will automatically bring this up to let you zoom in like so . so now what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to bring my brush up , just a little bit like so , and let 's take this and let 's pull this down because the mouth has got to fit in here and i do n't want to actually have to shrink it anymore . we want to leave the textures of the mouth because it was a really good photo which i pulled from the lion . there we go . let 's pull it down just a little bit more . we want to make it look like this apple is really stretching . so let 's grab here and let 's pull back , like so , because we want to make this look like the apple is actually going through a little bit of stress when this mouth is being in place , right on . alright , we 're going to leave it here . let 's hit enter to escape this and let 's put these 2 pieces together and see what we 've got . we 'll do that in the next section .
cIP_5K1TW2A to play football you 've got to know the rules and the first rule of football is the team with the most points wins . you score points by running the ball into the end zone , earn just six points , and once you score the six points , you have an opportunity to go for an extra point or points . you can kick a field goal or kick in extra points through the up rights for one point or you can choose to go from the three yard line and try to run it in the ends and again for an additional two points . now you can say what is the objective of a defense ? what 's their goal ? is it to stop the offense ? no ? objective as a defense is to score points as well . now , if they get an interception , they 'd want to return it back and score six points and then obviously do their extra point . the other way to score points is to kick a field goal . that is anywhere on the field that you can kick the ball through the up rights will earn you three points . also , if , the other way a defense can score points is by safety in which they push the offense so far back that they get stuck in their own end zone . that will give them two points . the offense is four downs , you go ten yards . if they do n't go ten yards and four downs , then the other team gets the ball . now , once a team goes ten yards , then their down start over to the first down . they got another four times to go ten yards . the defense stops the other team from advancing the ball by tackling them . there are twenty two players on the field at each time . the field width is fifty three-fifty three ; the field width is fifty three yards ; fifty three and a third yards . field length is one hundred twenty yards . a hundred yards of playing of-of marked space and then two ten yard end zones . gold post are ten feet high with up rights going as high as you want . that 's how you play football . the team with the most points wins .
eAiWryz6ENs now that we 've got our groove right there ? what you want to do . clean your hands . get the majority of the slop off . save it over here for later . grab your sponge . like i said i like to use my split rim sponge whenever i 'm making anything with a rim that matters like a bowl or plate or cup . go ahead and go put it on the rim . what i 'm doing right now is pressing my index finger down into this mass of clay . and when i press it down in there i 'm squeezing the bottom with my thumb . that 's making it go up like this and all the while i 'm pressing down with this . so i 'm kind of just pinching it and pushing down . and that makes the clay rise . it also makes the rim jump up into my sponge here and i 'm compressing that rim down so we do n't run into any cracks along the way when we 're firing it . so from here we 're going to compress the rim . and when we come back we 're going to make this bottom nice and plate like . we 're going to finish it off .
_B_kRw5Rn2k alright now we 're going to want to , you can see the way it looks ; it 's got a funky little thing going on there , a funky little thing going on there but everything else is alright . like that 's totally fine too . but we want to start making it look like how it 's going to be when it comes out of the kiln . so this is the part where you really just got to know when to stop ; how it feels because this needs to be as flat as possible . and you do n't want it to chatter because it 'll start chattering , you want to have the right amount of water and flip on it at this point to make it nice and smooth ; like that . and then what we 're going to do now , we 're going to put that little chittermia on there because that 's the only thing you 're really going to be able to see on this . i 'll go , give it a little wooo ; yep . that looks hand thrown to me . and a little fix that up . and the last part 's the funnest .
eDOWwdCDZyY hi , in this segment , we 're going to actually talk about the backhand throw . backhand throw is one of the most popular throws in frisbee freestyle . and the first thing you want to do is get a good grip . a lot of times , people have a very loose grip . you want to hold it like you 're holding a bird , not too tight and not too hard . there 's several different grips , you could hold it with a fan grip , you could hold it with these three fingers on , or you could hold it with all fingers in . when you 're actually throwing , you actually want to point and follow through to your target . also , frisbees need spin when they fly , if you do n't put spin on frisbees , they 're not going to fly . so you actually have to snap your wrist at the end to make that frisbee have spin on it . so when you have it , if you 're throwing it this way , you 'd actually want to take it and put a little snap right at the end . you can do that again with , with different types of grips . this grip would be throwing it here , with a snap . with this grip , the open fan grip would be here with the snap .
EDp7HixEubE hi this is lindsay colbus from lindsay colbus accessories and on behalf of expert village today i 'm going to show you how to choose a handbag . today i 'm going to talk to in a very detailed manor how to choose a handbag and there is some many things you have to think about when you are choosing a handbag . in terms what you are wearing with it whether it is daytime , evening or a bag that is going to have to take you to day to evening if you have a event to attend at night . there is so many other things fabric , hardware that is included on a handbag , leather handbags , pluther handbags there is so many options out there . and trying to chose a handbag it can be a pretty difficult thing but i 'm going to try to make it a little easier on your today . so we are going to talk about 3 different categories handbags today what i mention before everyday bag , bags that you can take with you to go to the grocery store , to the shopping mall , to the airport . then we are going to talk about evening bags which are tiny bags to strictly for some event then we are going to talk about bags that take you from day to night to a more versatile that you can go to the shopping mall with but then go take to a party that you have to attend later in the evening .
24-ujdkcwaE i 'm beau timken , master sake sommelier . about six years ago , when i opened my store , true sake , i had to develop ; it 's a store that 's dedicated to selling sake , i had to develop a system that would allow people , or kind of disarm them , to describe what kind of sakes they like . and the best way to do that is i would speak to their ; i would have them speak to their beer and wine profiles . and basically , everybody is comfortable talking to what they like in a wine and a beer , and then what we can do is we can overlap that into different styles and categories of sake . now ginjo , in specif , specifically is geared towards people who like lighter , softer , cleaner wines . now , taste match is a system that if if you like a big sauvignon blanc , a big dirty zinfandel , and you like big belgian 's or big stouts , you generally are n't going to like the same sake maybe as somebody who likes a sauvignon blanc and a kiran beer . those are cleaner , lighter , compact flavors . well , guess what ? in the sake world , the cleaner , lighter flavors are in sort of the ginjo category , and what i 'll recommend ; when people come in , they say , well , i kind of like a lighter white wine ; i 'd like a , like a sauvignon blanc , i like not a super oaky chardonnay ; it 's got some body to it ; i like ales ; kind of clean beers . then ginjo is definitely kind of your zone . you can definitely achieve those flavors and those textures and those components in that category . so , we 're using the taste match system . if you feel like you want something where you would have a food that you would throw a white wine at , specifically like a sauvignon blanc , something like seafood or shellfish , same thing goes with ginjo sake . so again , if you want to think in terms of light , clean , compact , aromatic ; if you like that in your wines ; white ; i 'm not talking about big , beefy reds , and i 'm not talking about super fruity wines either ; kind of the neutral in between wines . that is the same category overlap that you would have with ginjo style sake .
21MahnzxfUE in this segment we 'll talk about the tools you 'll need to do the actual sail making and layout . you 'll need push pins with a head on it so you can stick it into the floor and pull it out . these are some nice aluminum head push pins from challenge hardware . they 're aluminum top so you can hit it and pound it into the floor . you 'll also need some flat head push pins . the reason you need a flat head push pin is so the cloth can roll over the top and lay flat on top of the push pin . you can buy these at , you know , a craft store or , i got these at the grocery store even . you want to have two tape measures . the reason you 'll need two is we 're laying out triangles so it 's quicker and more efficient to be able to find the clew position with two tape measures working simultaneously . you 'll want string . this is sixteenth inch , just marlin twine . after we do the layout of the push pins in the floor , you 'll be able to trace the perimeter in this twine and that way you 'll know where to cut the edges of the cloth during the layout . a calculator is handy , just for computing quick draft position in the sail . for instance , in the jib we 'll be making today , we 'll have the draft position at thirty two percent and in the main sail the draft position will be at forty five percent . a calculator just aids in that , aids in that calculation , making it quick . you also want a good pair of scissors , as we 'll be working with sail cloth . those are the tools you 'll need . some other things will come into play too . we 'll bring in the sewing machines later and the loft and batons , but these are just the simple , small tools you 'll need .
EuNqlyGVhFE the high pass filter is the opposite of the low pass filter . it basically lets all the highs through the filter or the eq , and it does n't let the lows go through . this , i can actually take this , turn on my low pass , adjust frequency and change the q. the q is going to make it so it 's a little bit better . i mean , if you have something like a clap or a snare , something high , like a high vocal , sometimes these low passes , these cuts are going to free up a lot of the room sound , they can take all of this unwanted noise out of your signal . you know what i 'm saying . and this is very helpful just cleaning up your sound and just making , leaving more room for other parts of your music . i mean , not only is this helpful for recording but within the mix , there 's a lot of like things that it could help with as far as like when people try to put space in their mix , they try to do a lot with like the panning and things like that . now with eq you can also free up a lot of space , you know what i 'm saying , it definitely helps to relieve you of unwanted noise .
eFJLW3J-4TA publishers usually have their own printers lined up . but if you 're going with self publisher comic book , you 're going to have to decide on your own printer . now , for guys just starting out , there 's plenty of print on demand sites out there , all available on line , that i would recommend . the great thing about them is , you can print up to one comic book , all the way up to hundreds of comic books . the thing is , the less amount of comic books you have printed , the more costly it 's going to be per comic book . usually for something around a two `` hun '' , a two hundred issue copy print run , it 's going to cost you for a twenty-four page comic book , around two dollars , two twenty-five . and , if you 're going to sell the comic for three dollars , which is usually the going rate , there 's not much room for profit . but , the great thing is , you 're not going to get stuck with all this overstock of comics you 're unable to sell . which , would happen if you go with one of the `` pri '' , bigger printers that , you know , would demand a bigger order . now , there 's plenty of different types of pages to pick from . you can go glossy format . you can do a matte finish . if you 're going to do like an old school , black and white comic book , i would suggest going with the matte . because black and white art work on glossy paper , just does n't have the right feel . there 's also different sizes . that there 's traditional comic book size , there 's ashcan size , there 's like a magna digest size . it all depends on what type of comic book you 're doing , for what size you 're going to go with . now , the way you 're going to get your comic book to the printer is : they 're going to send you a template upon request , and you 're going to format your pages , all twenty-two , or twenty-four of them , including covers onto that page template . and , once you have your whole book formatted , you 're going then send it to their server . and , from there , the printer 's going to print your book . the turn around time for this can `` anywh '' , can be anywhere from three , three weeks to six weeks . it all depends on the amount of orders they have coming in . if you have a rush order they 're usually willing to work with you , to get you your product in time . whether you need it for a convention or an appearance . so , that 's , that 's the basics of getting your comic book printed . like i said for , for guys just starting out , the print on demand `` s '' , place is the best to go .
dxwJiLMIAPY how to buy a parakeet . buying a parakeet is a lot like buying any other animal . first thing you need to know is what you want out of the parakeet as a pet . are you looking for an animal that 's just going to be attractive and sing a lot and you 're going to keep them in the cage and not handle , or you want an animal you can actually get out and play with ? it 's an important distinction because you can get either or out of a parakeet . you can get both out of a parakeet too , but go into your local pet store or breeder or bird show or whatever , they 're probably going to have quite a bit of different parakeets for you to choose from and you need to know if you 're looking for an animal that 's going to be friendly first or just attractive first . so after you decide whether you want something that 's just going to be attractive and you can play with , of course if that 's what you want , then pick an attractive parakeet that looks healthy and if it 's something you want to be able to handle , you want to make sure you can get the bird out and you can touch it and play with it and it does n't freak out too much . most parakeets are going to need a little bit of hand taming down after you 've purchased them , they 're not going to come super friendly . now to find out if he 's healthy or not , you 're looking for a parakeet that 's not being lethargic , you want one that 's not sitting in a corner all puffed up looking odd or drowsy , you want somebody who 's got all his feet intact , has n't been nibbled on by any cage mates , somebody who does n't have any feathers missing , he 's been feather picked , preferably you want a parakeet that 's going to be wing clipped . clipping a bird 's wings is not cruel and it 's actually very important , especially if you 're going to be getting the bird out it 's safer for the animal that way they ca n't fly into anything or hurt themselves . also check the beak , make sure the beak 's not overgrown or damaged in any way . make sure the eyes are clear and attentive . if you have all these things , then really what you 're looking for after that is whether or not the animal is something you can handle and play with if that 's what you desire or if the animal is just attractive and is beautiful and looks good to your eye , that 's what 's really important . so just make sure he 's healthy and then make sure that your needs are met as well and you 'll both have a wonderful relationship in the future .
dmeDliRvyfI hello , my name is gabriela garzon and i 'm an image consultant with g.g . image and etiquette consulting in coral gables , florida . in this clip we 're going to talk about how should teachers dress ? teachers should show approachability , accountability and knowledge . therefore , every teacher should wear unmatched suits . you can match suits , regardless . you can buy a complete suit and start matching it with different things . you can wear the jacket with different trousers . you can wear just the skirt of the jacket with little sweaters , like this . you can make any type of combination that you like , as long as you look tailored , although you should not look too conservative or too serious . you can still show your personality with whatever it is that you wear . you can accentuate with different accessories , such as scarves , jewelries . this is a blazer . you can still show color , fun and add accessories to it . just remember , you should show that you 're a person who has knowledge and that you 're approachable . you 're a teacher . for everyday success , just go ahead and wear anything that you like as long as you look serious and approachable . once again , this is gabriela garzon in coral gables , florida .
56Byt9JoMOs now , i 'm going to talk about techniques for printing your block of wood and all that 's necessary in preparing your inks for printing . as i mentioned earlier , we are using etching inks . i use etching inks because it has the widest range of colors available and it comes in these size tubes which are easy for me to work with . i use a lot of color when i 'm working in woodcut printmaking . so , i 'm going to start off by talking a little bit about mixing inks , and the materials needed to mix those inks , and some of the other compounds that you can put into the inks to change your viscosity for what you might need . now , here we have several of the palette knives that i will use in order to mix my inks . palette knives just is n't painting , they come in several different sizes . and these are going to be what i 'm going to use with these colors of inks , just as i would if i were painting , for example .
cx9q2GQwZCo hi , if you 're looking for things to consider when you 're rating a massage chair when you 're thinking about buying one , i can give you a few things to consider and to think about before you make your purchase . i 'm sundae with natural sundae . now there are about four things that you should really keep in mind when you 're purchasing a chair , massage chair for massage . what you want to do is you first want to think about the weight and how heavy it is . you 're going to be carrying it around and you do n't really want it to , you do n't want to hurt yourself carrying your chair around . so you want to make sure it 's fairly light . you also want to make sure that it 's fairly adjustable . the headrest can move , this chest plate can move up and down , and there are definitely lots of movable parts on the chair . you want to make sure that you know how to work your chair and that it 's easy to work . for instance , this chair is a little bit harder for me to set up . it takes a few more minutes than a chair that 's made a little bit better would . out of five stars , i 'd probably give this chair a three . so you want to make sure it 's really easy to set up and that there 's not too many moving parts . the third thing to consider is the padding and there are many , most of the pieces on here are padded . you 've got your headrest which is really padded and that 's really nice , you 've got your chest plate , you see this one moves up and down , you 've got your seat , you 've got your leg guards and you 've got your hand rest , your forearm rest . so you want to make sure it 's got enough padding for you . and you also want to make sure it 's comfortable to sit in . you want to make sure it 's really comfortable and some massage chairs just are n't comfortable at all and they look comfortable , so you just never know . you want to sit in your chair definitely before you buy it . so those are just four quick and very simple things to consider when considering which chair to buy for your chair massage . i 'm sundae with natural sundae . take it easy guys .
DwBymOL3Omc so here you see i sort of have established piles of like hues , again meaning choosing a color and kind of going through . as i was going through my magazines , you can see how this pile here establishes a sort of hue palette as i 'm going through , in different variations in tone , in patterns , and then you know , being able to sort of have a variety and a range in order to work from so that i 'm making sure that i can work from dark to light in one area if i need to , i can change up the interest inside of a piece in order to like make it more interesting rather than it having just the same one piece color that goes all the way throughout . you could decide to do whichever . any of those things work as a possibility . shapes on faces and things like that are very interesting ways , using skin and using backgrounds , and shapes of like a cage , things like that , i 'm always thinking about when i 'm making these piles of hues . so , set them out for yourself so you have a distinguishing place between them all .
5INV8sUydrc i 'll be demonstrating the standing dumbbell angled curl . the angle we will work with is the ninety degrees . pretty much you 're keeping it at a ninety degree angle , when you bring it up you flex the bicep , you stop it at ninety degrees . and just continue that action until you hit the amount of reps you decide to do , which i would recommend eight to ten reps. so again you stop it at ninety degrees , bring it up and you flex it . now if you wanted to you can do one hundred and eighty degrees which it stops right here . one hundred and eighty . bring it up flex , stop at one hundred and eighty , flex . and you would go ahead and switch arms . now if you wanted to you could also do it at the same time with two dumbbells . but again at the moment right now we 're just going to to ahead and demonstrate it with one . that 's one hundred and eighty , angle at one hundred and eighty degrees . bring it up , flex , do about three sets , to about eight to ten reps. and that 's how you do the standing alternate angled dumbbell curls .
a3jZ8ahhBA0 okay , now we 're going to be playing the game of cut throat . all right , you just played three 's company , but now you 've got the hat on and you 're ready to play a real man 's game , all right . this is a game that they play in a lot of competitions and in bars , so if you 're not wearing the hat , do not step into the game of cut throat , all right . cut throat is a lot like three 's company , but we 're going to be using every single one of the numbers on the board . we 're going to be using everything on the board except , again , the no-fly area is around here , okay . so if you hit anywhere on this black side , outside of the inner circles , it still does n't count . you hit the brick wall , you 're an idiot , and you should never be doing that . so , the game of cut throat . we 're going to be using three darts again . three of these specific unicorn playing darts . you want good darts for this game . let me show you exactly why i 'm wearing the hat , and what you 're going to be using it for .
2RTCWowztsk in this clip we 're going to talk about how to become a cia agent . it 's a very unique position in that that is a federal government position . it 's one that anybody can not get into . it 's specialized . they 're special people . you have to have a great trait or talent in order to even be considered for the position . it 's a position that will take you all over the world . it 's a position that could change who you are as a person because of the type of work that you do . and the way that you get the information as to how to become one is you need to contact your state department and you need to follow all the information , all the procedures that they have set up for you , and i do n't foresee that being a position where once you apply it 's going to take you , you know , a couple months to get on . this may take you several years because of the extent of the background . and again , they look for special people .
5bQFeNdxDiE to make your dog stop humping other animals and people , it 's good to know what is motivating your dog to exhibit this behavior . sometimes it is just that need to procreate , and sometimes it is more about being higher and bigger than another animal to kind of control that animal . so , the most - the best possible tool you can have is to teach your dog a very solid leave it command , when you ask your dog to leave something alone , they voluntarily come off and go on and do their own thing . if it continues , the behavior continues and your dog will stop , but then go right back at it , it might be a good time for a time out or managing a little breakaway from the object of affection .
e3yLZJUVC8I hey everybody my name is matt and i 'm speaking to you on behalf of expert village . now i 'm going to be talking to you a little more about automation if you got a track then you would notice in the bottom left there is a plus sign . if you click that it is going to bring down another dialog and default is volume . if you keep going down it will bring up things like pan and mute and i 'm just going to adjust the automation for the volume right now . if you go up to your line tool i 'm going to go ahead and click sign and you can draw in the volume , you can draw a little sign wave and when you listen back to it you would notice that the drums went in and out . it is not a really smooth sign there so if you want to go to file , go to preferences and click on editing you would see a little slider bar to the right it says automation reduction level . take that down to minimum and click okay and you would notice when you click to make the sign wave there it would adjust it and be a little more detailed . in the last lesson we talked about the mixer if you want to go ahead and go up to devices and click mixer to bring that back up there is another way you can do automation . this is my drum track right here so i 'm going to go ahead and click the litter r beside it to turn on ready automation and if you click a w that is write automation and i 'm going to go ahead and click play . i 'm going to adjust the volume as the song plays and go ahead and click stop and i 'm going to unclick right automation when i go to play it back you would notice the slider going up and down . you can also automate the pan here using the exact same method and the automation can be very useful and you can automate different things in cubase .
domijDEnmpI now i am going to show you how to massage the arms in a prone position . add your oil use your effleurage strokes to apply the oil just do n't rub in to much . into the hands as well . around the shoulder and now i am ready to get my stones . again i use the medium size stones for working the body . i am going to start up by the trapezius around the shoulder . into the deltoids and the triceps . turning the stones intermittently until they start to cool down . go lightly over the joints not putting pressure over the joints or the bony land marks . into the forearms and just cupping the stones lightly with my hands . putting pressure as needed and after checking with your client how the placement stones are and how the stones your using are . is the temperature ok for you ? ok , good . then we can move into the hands and i can actually use these stones to do same compressions in the hands . which is great for people who are working on computers . using there hands all day and then i can also end just using my hands to finish the strokes . and that ? s how you do hot stone massage on the arms in prone .
EHrfqeRAt6U greetings ! my name is grand master jean le grand otherwise known as the phoenix sensei . the name of our system is lost legacy systems , university of mixed martial arts . we are located in coconut creek , florida . on behalf of expert village , we are going to show you how to become a mixed martial artist . grappling is very similar to wrestling . as you can see , they reach for each other until they get a good hold . from there they usually demonstrate judo where they will flip each other . as just seen , he flipped them and he is at the full mount right now . with his legs and the inside of his body he is trying to make sure he can  t breathe . he is trying to make sure he uses as much energy as he can so he can submit them . now he is going to look for submission . he tries but he stops as you can see . he stops them so now he is going to make his move . he  s making his move to look for submission . lock him . arm bar . taps out . good . you submit them by the arm bar .
2vO1hzLJjN8 i 'm stan defreitas , `` mr. green thumb '' for on gardening . talking about beans , these are an improved tender bush , bush bean . now bush beans are nice and should give you a lot of beans on a small plant and you will be harvesting probably in about 55 days . so less than two months you should be getting to have some of these as harvesting plant . now when you look at seed packages , on the back it will usually give you a zone map telling you that in your part of the country when your past the last frost date . so look that package over . it gives you a nice us of a map , it will tell you what date you can put out your beans , good for tomatoes and other things too . read the package over , they 've put a lot of effort in to these packages to make sure you know all the information that you ought to know . typically these are about 1/4 of an inch in size . now these are kind of a darker bean , their a little bean with a little bit of color to them . kind of black with a little bit of white and there again your going to cover them over about one time as deep as they are . so just sprinkle them on the area , on the surface and you can go ahead and make sure you cover them with some soil either take your hand and press them in to the soil or go ahead and just cover them over like this . for on gardening , i 'm stan defreitas , `` mr. green thumb '' .
bkX2PlfRn9c welcome guys , my name is lars erik robinson , i 'm with lars arts . i 'm a freelance illustrator and today i 'm going to talk about how to use acrylics on canvas . now there 's all different kinds of canvases , today i 'm using a canvas board which is already on a board which has a hard back to it . but sometimes you can get a canvas that actually has the canvas wooden frame , which when you push on it , it goes in , so then you ca n't obviously ca n't push as hard on it , you have to be , you use more just your brush part itself , and not push on it 'cause it 's going to sink right in . you 're wondering why does n't this person do n't have a neck , so let 's get our neck in here , so we were just playing around on this . so if i was working on a harder - on another kind of canvas where it pushes back , i would just try to use my bristle part of the brush and not try to push down on it too hard because you might be able to go right through it , so do n't want to do that . if you wonder how is he going to get that harder edge right there , you just take one paint on one side of it , and we can go like that ... once again , do n't be afraid to just take the sponge , if you do n't feel it 's right , just smudge it out a little bit . and you have to do that before it dries with the acrylic paints , they can dry pretty quick , that 's what 's the advantage , that 's why it 's good with acrylic paints , 'cause it 's a good under painting medium for your final piece . well hope you enjoyed that , thank you so much for joining me , my name is lars robinson .
CT0psykopWQ matt cail : hello . i 'm matt cail and on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you today how to organize and set up and tame your own art studio . moving on from art cabinets and organizational skills are easels . easels are the next piece of art furniture we 're going to cover for your studio . easels are used for a number of tasks , most commonly for making paintings . that 's the thing that they 're most known for . and from the looks of it , that 's what i 've been using this guy most of the time for as well . easels are incredibly flexible in terms of being able to organize them , to basically match your body shape and also your preferences in terms of how you have -- like to make your art . they can be used to fit many different sizes of canvass . here i have a sixteen by twenty inch canvass that i can then adjust the top down , then i retighten the bolt . now your canvass is in there nice and snug . you can also do it where if you want to be lower to the ground , there 's other adjustments you can make to where then your canvass is going to be lower if you want . and of course , i mean , you can have a much bigger painting . imagine a painting from here to here . you can also adjust it where the tilt of your easel is different . it will go forwards , backwards . and a lot easels will also collapse which will allow them , if you have a decent sized vehicle , to easily fit this in the back of your car seat and then take it to other locations to paint so that you 're also being able to get out of your really , really cool art studio .
27fAYfL6-Zw this right here we have a string bikini silhouette , very standard , pretty much you 're going to see them everywhere you go , there 's not much design about them . but it is a standard necessity when you start drawing and designing , you need a jump off point . this everybody knows what this is , this is n't hard to fathom . i mean i teach you how to draw this , that way you can add your own flair onto it afterwards or you can , everyone needs the basics , when you 're designing collections think about that too . do n't try to go out there as you possibly can all the time , because then it 's going to look too contrived . this is a pair of string bikini panties and there is a need for those in collections . you can create what fills that need . you do n't have to be ooh la la , avant-garde out there . so when you 're drawing your bikini panty , make sure that the string part is a string , going down to the crotch and then figure how , what size you want the front part , the triangle part to be , come across . then draw your bow , if you choose to use a bow , if not leave it plain .
FI_1dsErIXE aright , this is it , the final thing , part of the process , this will clean the surface area a little bit and it will also even out the sheen , make it look a little better . you can use pretty much any product , any kind of furniture polish spray , a little bit of 4.0 steel wool , you definitely want to make sure is 4.0 because that 's the best there is and it 's least likely to scratch the surface . again , once we get it on there , we 're going to rub with the grain , all across the area , with moderate pressure . this is just restoring the original finish , the sheen , the color and depth , it will all come back . after you rub that , a little bit , you want to get another fine and clean area rag and buff it again . the divot area is almost completely gone . the reason is , because the color was n't broken . anytime you can get away with breaking the color , you are way ahead of the game . whenever you dig down and you get into the color base , and you have to start over , you can see there 's a lot more , in bringing that color back and bringing the sheen and the texture and all the things surrounding it . so , if you can catch it , in this stage , it 's much easier and much better for the dent also for the repair . however , as you just seen , both problems can be fixed and fairly easily and it 's an in home deal , where we can come in and fix this in the home , where we would n't have to bring a whole huge sideboard in maybe , or something more heavy , that you would n't want to move around just for one ding or bang . these products can go a long way , in fixing things like this and that 's what they are here for really , is to go on sight and fix things and take care of small damages . whether it be shipping damage or living with it around the house or animal damage , would be a dog or cat scratches , we can take care of all those kinds of things too , if they are minor . if they are really severe , we 'd have to go to the extreme and refinish but this is a nice little repair job for small dings and bangs that you find around the house .
c8W4AA67F2c hi , i 'm emily larew , and we are moving on with our tap combination for beginners . we are now on counts one through four . so we just finished our sugar , and now we 're ready for our stomple . we 're going to stomple with our left foot , and all a stomple is , is you 're going to do a stomp , brush , step on one foot . so it 'll be our left foot , we have stomp , brush , step , stomp , brush , step . so turning around , we 're actually going to take this to the corner . so you 're just going sugar going straight on , take your left , then come over , stomp , brush , step , stomp , brush , step . and i want you to do locomotion arms while you 're doing it . so it 's the opposite arm . make sure you 're not doing the same arm . so , ready , so seven , eight , you have one , and two , and three , and you 're going to step forward on your left foot because we just used our right . step left , make sure i hear that sound , on and you 're going to jump onto your right and flick your left leg in the back . four . just like that , alright . so your right foot was behind you , jump on the right , four . and i want you to throw it . throw it . if you 're a guy , get funky , alright . otherwise , be a girl and be sassy about it . so seven , and eight , we have one , and two , and three , and four , and . you 're throwing it . good . make sure when you 're doing the stomples that you are getting down into the floor . ok , from the top , here we go . five , six , seven , and one , two , three , a one , and two , and three , and four , boom , boom , boom , and eight , a one , and two , and three , and four , and five , six , seven , and eight , a one , and two , and three , and four , five , six , seven , and eight , one and two , and three , and four , and . great job .
c9MmNFG8kKw hi . i 'm chris murray , and i 'm going to show you how to head a soccer ball . in soccer , a lot of the times , you 're required to use your head in order to pass or even try to score a goal . when you use your head , you 're supposed to use the front part of your head , your forehead- right here . and one major tip that i learned when i was a kid was always keep my eyes open and my mouth closed . keep my eyes open just so i could see where the ball was going . and my mouth closed just in case i do n't swallow any bugs . when you 're defending , you want to head the ball up and away , as high up in the air and as far as you can . so if the ball is coming towards you , you 'd get underneath it and head it out . if you 're trying to score a goal , you want to try to head the ball down and into a corner , so that it would make it harder for the goalkeeper to react . when you head the ball , you want your arms up for balance and to protect yourself as you jump in the air . with your arms up like this , you want to try to pull yourself forward to create power on the header , to act as if you were pulling yourself through a window or something like that . and those are just some tips on how to head a soccer ball .
220uYYSxz5U hi my name is lucy spain on behalf of expert village here to talk about an introduction to cheerleading . now we 're ready to go ahead and give our best at the tryout . now you 're usually only going to be in the room for about five minutes so you have to make sure to give it your all . once you 're ready to go in you 'll be given a number by the judges . you need to make sure you have this number tightly secured , it also needs to be visible . safety pins are an ok way to get it on . so it tape . you just do n't want it to fall off , because this is how the judges are going to be able to give you your score . you 're usually going to be put in a group of about three girls . you 're going to do the cheer together . you 're going to do your stunts together , jump separate and tumble separate . usually you 're going to start out with the cheer . when you go into the room , you need to be prepared to answer questions . things we talked about earlier , your coach may ask you , why are you here ? why do want to cheer ? you need to be confident . you need to be able to deliver your answer . you also just need to make sure that you 're friendly because you 're going to be spending a lot of time with these coaches , these captains . and you just want to be a person that other people want to be around . you 're also going to be an active role model for your school . so they may look into your grades beforehand , your other extracurricular activities . so just be prepared to answer questions . now that we 're going to start performing the material , we need to make sure that we deliver all of our material with eye contact . you 're going to want to have to keep a big smile on your face the whole time . show off your pearly whites . it 's also important to be loud . project . and also , we 're going to want to make sure we 've got lots of space from the other girls that are in so every movement we need to do , we can be seen , we can be as big as we want to , show all the spirit . when it comes to tumbling , if you need to ask for a spot , that 's ok. make sure you wrote that down on your form that we talked about filling out earlier . jumping you need to be able to perform by yourself however . so if you need a spot on some of your more advanced tumbles , that 's ok. it 's better to go ahead and show the coach that you can do them than not to try it at all . so now that we 've performed , we definitely want to say thank you on our way out , our time it up , and clear the floor for someone else 's turn to go ahead .
FkvtrYSjvqA now we 're going to talk about how to adjust your brightness and contrast in your photo shoppe program . if you look over here , you can see that i have my image layer right here or my image drop down menu here . and if i come down here to adjustment , i 'll come over here to brightness and contrast . and it brings up this bar that has two sliders here . and this first slider will adjust my brightness . and as you can see , i 'll bring it up just a little bit to bring this little girl out . and then i 'll adjust the contrast a little bit . just a little bit down some to make it a little bit softer . as you well know , you can just take this and you can just blow it all out of proportion depending what you want to do with it . if you want to be a little bit more artistic with how your photo comes out or if you 're just doing some crazy design work . there you go . hit okay . there it is your brightness and contrast all in one easy button that you can use . and you can adjust them however you want them . if your photo get all crazy dark , you can just do whatever you need to do to bring them right back out . so play around with it , have fun and enjoy .
0sSMKEvVetg hi tom choisnet again this time i 'm going to talk about filing an extension i 'm sure at least once in your tax filing career you had the time where you just could n't get around getting your things together for the tax guide . or maybe you waited a little bit to far into april to give the man a call or perhaps he was booked to the wire and you did n't know it . you do n't have any fear about that today 's extensions are good until october that 's right you get automatics 6 month extension to file your taxes and all you have to do is tell your tax man . you do have to pay any taxes that might be due so give it your best guess and send some money with the extension and you wo n't have to pay any interest on your late payment . filing your extension does eliminate the penalty for late filing so if you quit do n't have it quit together , file that extension and your good until october , thank you .
FDydsUu2iX8 hi , i 'm mike payne , owner of academy for martial arts , speaking on behalf of expert village , on the topic of what to look for in a martial arts school . i would not be afraid to shop around . and , do n't base , base you ? re trying to join a school on price because you can pay less and get more at one school . you can pay a lot for martial arts training and not get very much and every time you come in the door , they try to nickel and dime you . you know , you need to buy this equipment , you need to upgrade your membership , you know , there 's always something bigger and better than you can spend your money on . so , i think the important thing is that the kids are learning and seeing progress . the students should not be pounding on each other bare fisted , so , of course ; we 're going to use lots of safety gear . and , as far as the weapons goes , you need to , of course , have an instructor that knows how to use the weapon first and that can transfer his knowledge over to the student in a safe manner .
BdP6nsk9DeQ hi , i 'm sundae with natural sundae , and i 'm going to show you a really fun and creative way to make your own aroma therapy massage oil . now , the first step is finding your base oil . now , they are referred to as base oil or carrier oils , and they 're are so many different types out there . you can use jojoba oil , grape seed , sunflower and even apricot kernel , and most of the times these are the ones that are chosen because of their lighter texture . okay , so now you have your oil , and you want to take one ounce . this is a one ounce bottle . take one ounce bottle of oil , and you have your little essential oil here . you 're going to add between six drops of this to this or twelve drops of this to this . and this will give you a very gentle one percent with the six drops or two percent dilution with the twelve drops . now , just remember if you have sensitive skin , you really want to try it out on yourself . start with a lower dilution . start with the one percent dilution of six drops to one ounce before you increase to two percent . you want to make sure that it 's not going to irritate your skin . worst case scenario , if it irritate your skin which it : they 're very gentle , but if you have very sensitive skin , it may . it will go away in a couple of hours . just stop using it or decrease the dilution . so , it 's very , very easy to make your own essential oil , massage therapy oil for your clients . have fun and be creative . i 'm sundae with natural sundae . have a great day .
39ybLxSe6v0 mike lais : hi . i 'm mike lais and on behalf of expert village , this is diminished chord voicings . alright , we got the root position and the 1st inversion position . so , now , the 2nd inversion , this is just like all other inversions , we 're going to start off on the 5th of the chord and spell the remaining of the chord . so , let 's take a look for the 2nd inversion of the diminished chord . once again , we 're planning a c diminished just for the example 's sake . it looks like that in root position . but if we 're going to play in 2nd inversion , we want to start off with the 5th on the bottom . so , we 're going to go flat 5 , double flat 7 , 1 , flat 3 , all right ? just like that 'cause you have nice closed position for this and you can get to it pretty easily if you 're coming out of other chords . like , let say if you 're coming off a g minor , you can just slide right down . and then , you have your c diminished , right there . so , again , 2nd inversion , the diminished chord , it 's going to be flat 5 , double flatted 7 , 1 , flat 3 .
BZhdc4m1iGY hi this is karen for expert village i 've already washed my celery i ran it under water and with my scrub brush i scrubbed and make sure that you get any sand or dirt that gets caught in the middle and that rib section . i 'm going to discard the leaves and this is very thin celery any of the fatter pieces you can cut into strips that 'll be about a 1/4 '' and again same as the carrots you hold it together with a hand like this , sort of like a claw keeping your knuckles bent so you do n't cut . slicing the same way simply moving your hands down as you go and there you also have a nice dice of celery , so all our pieces here the onions , the carrots , the celery are diced in a fairly uniform size , and that gives the soup a certain texture . it 's a nice not to lumpy like a stew and the vegetables both cook and be tender .
eXgUJuEhrY0 so make sure you have a large clean towel nearby . after we shampoo and condition the hair , we want to make sure that the towel is large enough , that 's it 's going to be able to go under the hair , totally cover her head so you can towel dry her hair . if the towel is not large enough , obviously you wo n't be catching all the moisture and you 're going to have a mess everywhere . a large enough towel , something that you have specified for , for hair color processing . usually if you 've colored your hair at home , you have specific towels that you use . but again , a large enough towel to make sure that you 'll be able to cover your hair and do a wrap with your hair . just make sure you have towel handy , nearby , for when the conditioner comes off .
eJzpsNpKf0I some of the common mistakes you 'll experience while learning how to heel flip shove it are basically having to do with sending the board in a direction that you ca n't see . since it 's a front side trick it goes behind you . so for about a few seconds you ca n't really see it or predict where it 's going to be . the only way that you can improve on this is just by feeling the board and testing out different foot placements and different situations to see what works best for you , but while you 're in the heel flip position it does help to hang your toe over to try to get the adjustment and test which one works the best . another common mistake is , of course , not flipping enough and landing on the board upside down . what this usually means is you need to hang your toe over a little bit more or put a little more toe on the back corner of the board so that allows the front foot to do more work and get the flip over . another common mistake is landing primo , or over flipping , this just means you need to put a little more foot on to try to stop the board and have it go a little bit slower . as with any flip trick , the common mistakes usually have to do with not jumping high enough and not coordinating , the foot placement , the ollying , the flipping , and the jumping at the same time . so one thing to do is just practice , practice , practice and that 'll definitely help you with your heel flip shove its .
_BOJ9cYPRe4 leader : let 's try it . three and six on the cantaloupe farm . woman : oh this is a nice melon . man : yes . woman : did you grow this one . man : yes , this is my favorite melon . i would like it if you keep it here ... woman : oh yeah . man : yeah we grow the best melons in all of kansas . woman : do you ? man : yes , here in kansas . woman : so , uh , have you ever played melon ball ? man : uh , i 've played a little bit but i would like it if you would leave my favorite melon where it is , okay ? woman : i already took it out of the ground . man : ugh.. woman : it 's already.. man : but no , i 'll fix it . i can fix it . ok , now over here we have the squash cantaloupes , okay ? this is a new thing . my cousin just made it . woman 2 : oh hi . look guys , lets go play squash ball . woman : yeah , yeah , ok , alright right here . man : yeah , see . alright ( laughs )
cfiituIcW20 hi i 'm karen for expert village now i 'm going to show you how to press the crust into the pie plate for our peanut butter meringue pie . first spread the crumbs evenly in the pie plate and then just push it along the sides . just up the side like this and then spread the rest along the bottom evenly and then you are just going to use your fingers to squeeze the sides of the crust . you really want to put a lot of pressure and get that nice and compacted you can see the difference between where i squeezed and what is not done yet . you really want to get that nicely compacted really squeeze hard along the edge and then for the bottom you can use your hands like this or if you have a flat bottom cup or glass or container anything with a nice flat bottom you can use that to compact your crumbs . you push down , you are really pushing down quiet hard to make sure those are really compacted that way your crust will you know when you serve your pie it would come out nicely . it wo n't all fall apart and crumbly . okay now we are going to put this in the oven and we are going to cook it for 10 minutes at 350 degrees . i 'm just going to go around one more time around the edge cause sometimes when you are doing the bottom you loosen the sides . okay now that is ready to put in the oven .
dy2tdVNHUiI learning to juggle with clubs is hard . in the beginning there will be a lot of problems with your pattern . hopefully , it 'll look something like this but it probably wo n't . your pattern might have throws that are spun too slowly , spun too fast , something like that , maybe they 're going forward or backwards , or maybe it 's just falling apart for some reason you do n't really know . a few of the common fixes you can employ . if your throws are going forward , if you 're accidentally throwing forward , having to run up and catch them and throwing yourself off balance , what you can think about is releasing the club later . so , if you throw forward what 's happening is your arm is going up like this and you 're letting go of it here , about half way through the arch so it actually travels forward . what you need to do is think about holding onto that club longer , bring it up to here before you release so that it goes straight up instead of forward . think about that . also , if your spins are getting off a little bit and maybe you 're spinning too much or too little , you need to realize exactly what your wrists are doing because your wrist controls the spin . you have the natural spin that your arm gives the club , like that , and anything else on top of that is all by your wrist . so , if you practice spinning it with your wrist and getting used to how much spin you can give it with your wrist or how slow you can make it spin with your wrist , that will help you a lot . just think about what your wrists are doing along with the spin of the pattern , continue keeping those throws the right height , keep good posture , try not to lean forward into your pattern or lean out of it , and think about exactly where your hands and your wrists are doing , to make the clubs do what they 're doing , and you can fix all these problems .
aO41__VqRRM neha ghera : hi , this is neha on behalf of expert village , and today i 'm going to tell you about a recipe which is like a very , very sweet recipe . well , it 's actually from an indian origin and it 's called flour halwa or it 's the -- it 's a pudding , which is made by flour , normally flour , which is available at like everybody 's home , the flour which is actually used for making chapattis . i 'm going to tell you how can you make a sweet , nice pudding from this particular flour . so , let 's have a quick look at the ingredients , what you all need to make this recipe . you need to have banana . well , i 'll tell you what i 'm going to do . well , this is actually a halwa , which you call in indian origin , and it 's a fruit halwa . i mean , i 'll be adding bananas to it , so that 's why i have like , say , two bananas here right now . i need to have some cardamom seeds , which are right here . i need to have some dried fruit also , which i put in a nice little quantity because i 'm like a little calorie-conscious , i would say . i need to have the oil , which is like basic ghee and used extensively in india . i need to have flour . so , you have seen that what i need is like simple things for it , very normal things , which is like available in everybody 's home , if you talk about it . and all the ingredients which are needed over here , you just need in , like , simpler quantities , not very much but in a bit quantity . well , i would say that you need to use , extensively , basic ghee , which is called like pure oil because it 's one of the main ingredients of this particular recipe .
EwXCUSXIK9k hi , this is sean hobson for expert village . what we want to talk about right now , is that when running in the 4-3 defense , there are a few things that you 've got to make sure not to do when trying to make a big play . you do n't want to cost your team some yardage . so what we want to show you first of all is the off sides . off sides is just a little bit different for the defense than it is for the offense . on the offensive side if they move at all before the ball is snapped , it ? s going to be a false start , or if they take a step forward , then they could be off sides depending on where they are lined up . but the defense has a little bit more room to play . these guys can actually come up , brandon show them . he can actually come up , and he can actually lean across the line as long as he does n't make contact . but as soon as he comes across and he makes contact or if he 's across the line when the ball is snapped . it ? s off sides or encroachment on the defense . and you are going to cost your team a five yard penalty . now the other thing that we want to talk about is , linebackers especially have a problem with being very aggressive and their job is to come up and hit people . so if we have our tight end release across the middle after five yards the linebacker can no longer come up and check that guy . and make contact with him . that 's illegal . that 's pass interference . he 'd not allowed to come up , and he 's not allowed to hold him . so if the linebacker wants to make contact , he 's got to make sure to come up in those five yards . so it ? s a better rule just to tell your linebackers , drop in coverage and then cover the man , do n't come up and check him , because you do n't want to cost your team a penalty .
a92gOb983Vo another of our contact obstacles is the dog walk . it can be a approached from either direction . and as you can see it also has the yellow contact zones on each end . which the dog must touch going on and off . as i am training the dog walk , i am encouraging the dog to jump up confidently . continue moving forward with complete confidence on an elevated plank . which is fairly narrow for most . and then to stop at the bottom of the landing zone where there is a treat to help that . and again when they stop at the end of the landing zone you are looking for them to pause and look for your next instruction . now this dog is a beginner so i work her close to me at this time as you will see . karma , walk it . good , good good good . whoa , good . good walk , good . free . good .
a_0sB0l1QlQ hi everyone , i 'm russ handler , and booking travel from providence to boston is really not a big deal at all . what i suggest you do is go to 1-800-usarail . that is amtrak 's service number . or call ; or rather , go to their website , and what i like about goin ' to the website is you could fully interact with the website . you could pick your departure time . you could upgrade your seating . you could also sign up for their bonus programs and frequent railer programs , and it 'll also let you know what amenities are on the train . you might be hungry and get on a train on these short trips , and realize that there really is no dining car or a snack car . that could be a real bummer . so , going online has a lot of advantages . so , go online , choose your departure time , go ahead and purchase your ticket . and then , you could pick your ticket up at the rail station when you go . there are automated kiosks . you will need your reservation number . and another nice thing about this is that when you get there if you get there early enough you could get a really good seat , so i suggest doing that . i 'm russ handler , and that 's how it 's done .
EA4gbj0f7TE we all want to have happy feet . there 's nothing worse than having unhappy , unhealthy feet . namaste . i 'm cindy mastry and in order to keep your feet healthy , we need to bring some feet yoga into your yoga practice . so one of the things you can do is by using a squat pose to increase the blood flow to your feet and to stretch your arches and your achilles . so i 'm going to ask willy to come in and come into a squat pose or hindi squat , sometimes it 's called . now ideally , your heels would go all the way to the ground . but , for some of us that might not be possible . so we start by taking maybe a slant board or round a towel , anything to place under your heels . he 's lowering down and he 's pressing the insides of his upper arm into the insides of his thighs , bringing his weight forward and lengthening his spine as much as he can . now this is forcing the blood flow down to his feet . he 's having to balance with his toes and he 's stretching out through his insteps and stretching his achilles heel . so this is a great way . if you just bring your focus and your attention on some other poses that you would normally think would maybe a hip opener , if you bring your attention to your feet , you can also keep your feet healthy and happy while you 're working other parts of your body . namaste .
akLY5nJepNw hi ! i 'm karina fraley for expert village , and today i 'm showing you how to pack your decorations away for next christmas . now i 'm going to share a little tip with you . these boxes actually hold a double duty . i kind of cheated and i bunch of gift box like this that i use for my own family members , those that live in my house , as oppose to those who just come visit for christmas . this way , i can go ahead , keep these boxes , and use them year after year to pack up my christmas ornaments . every year when i unpack the ornaments and decorate my tree , i have empty gift boxes that i can then fill and use for christmas morning . then after the gift is delivered and enjoyed , these get some use again all year long as boxes for my ornaments . these are couple of the same size . they stack very nicely and they 're very sturdy . i 'm going to go ahead and give you some ideas of how you can group your ornaments and how you can pack them in here . some of the other supplies that you 're going to want to have around when you 're packing your ornaments are probably some tissue paper and some bubble wrap . maybe some old wash cloths , and even stockings . stick around , and in the next clip , we 're going to pack this box up .
5UYScN0ITJA kirk vickers : the next motion and exercise that we 're going to do is another core exercise . again , back in that 90-90 position , we 're going to put the hands at the temples and we 're going to do a diagonal sit-up . again , like the one where the legs were down but this time , we 're going to come up . we 're going to come across the body and call in a little more obliques with some of that intrinsic musculature firing . again , the intrinsic muscles are those deep muscles . those are important muscles to engage . we 'll come here , exhale as we come up , from side to side . again , about 10 to 15 for each one of those , maintaining that good position , watch that the heels do n't drop down , watch that the legs do n't get too far out in front of you . again , back into that nice 90-90 position , toe-up position , coming across . it 's not that important that you touch , just so you get full range of motion on here and as much rotation as you can get so we can build and develop the oblique muscles and the deep intrinsic muscles .
D_IUQJT2heg on behalf of expertvillage.com , my name is captain rafael mayans down here in south florida with sea cross sports fishing inc. today we are going to explain to you offshore fishing techniques . also when you are fishing offshore and you tend to use these artificial baits , depending on the weather conditioning and how the winds are blowing , it depends how your baits are swimming . so i have a bait right now in my hands that is weighted . it 's got a 6 ounce leveled head on the bait so it keeps the bait underneath the surface as you troll . some days you will need heavier weights , to down baits and some days you do n't depending on the wind and the currents and the conditions . so everything switches upon the hour when you are offshore fishing . so you got to constantly monitor the weather conditions and look at the conditions on the water and the surface .
5ojYaGGYMNM now let 's just play this up to speed maybe the way we would with a song . i 'll play it straight and swung with the bass drum . the next step we are going to do is we are going to think about some ways to add in the hi hat . when we are playing both hands over here and the bass drum there is really no cymbals of any kind so what we may want to figure out is where do we want to play the hi hat does it make sense to match this ? i do n't think so and next i will play a couple of different ways we can throw this hi hat into this beat to make it a little bit more interesting .
bGNPnD46AQs now we 're going to attach a ribbon on the back to serve as the hanger for our picture plaque . now if you use , use a long length of ribbon that you can glue down along the whole back , this will give it better strength . we 'll just put some glue , the same craft glue that we 've been using , put that glue all the way down on the ribbon . just even it out with your finger and glue it down . you can see that i 've separated the ribbon so you have the two pieces there and that will give it extra strength . then just have it join at the top . that 's really enough to hold a picture plaque but if you want to get it a little bit stronger and make sure it does n't fall out you can put a couple staples in . that will hold it really well .
aewpNjI88kw so now both of my base and my lid had set up to the leather of our stage . what that means is if i rub it with my finger i am not going to create a indention but if i stick a fingernail in i get a indention really easily . it is about the consistency of hard cheese . so i 'm going to check my lid fit with my base by flipping it over . i have not cut it off yet and it is just a little bit too big . so what i 'm going to do is show you how you can fix that problem . it is a lot better to have a lid that is a little bit too big then a little bit too small because you can trim a lid that is a little bit too big and you ca n't make a lid that is to small any bigger . so you put it back on the wheel , now you see it looks wobbly that is because the bat pin hole in my bat are not perfectly symmetrical so i need to spin this around 180 degrees . and try again . now it is on center . so i would take my ribbon tool , which is call a ribbon tool because it creates a ribbon of clay . i do n't need to take off very much just a little amount and then i would check my lid fit again . now it sits nicely on the pot so i would show you the next steps of finishing the lid .
Dk4iNxIIo54 for the most part , when we think about a root canal , we think about pain . long term pain and discomfort . that 's why there is a negative stigma around root canals . the main thing is that the pain is felt because we procrastinate . we allow the infection in the chamber to build and build and build . the tooth is a solid structure . it can not expand . when bacteria enters to attack the nerve tissue , blood vessel , and everything , this area is filled up with fluid ; the byproduct ; the debris ; the bacteria . by doing so , this area is basically is solid . everything that is starting to extrude outward to the end of the root ( any opening ) . if it can not do so , the pressure builds up . it 's that pressure that causes the discomfort and irritation . that 's why a lot of patients get an antibiotic to kill bacteria and start the healing process . sometimes in very severe cases , the antibiotic takes to long to have an effect and we have to surgically cut open the area to allow the pus and debris to drain . once it drains , the pressure is gone . if hot and cold sensitivity exists or you ca n't chew on the tooth , it lingers . then , you know you will need a root canal . you should do it asap . when you do it asap , a root canal is like doing a simple filling . very straight forward and very easy and it heals nicely . those that allow the bacteria to build , the treatment takes longer and the healing takes longer . that 's the difference . that 's why we perceive the root canal being difficult and painful . the truth is the process can be painless .
31Ba9bL4mic okay guys , this is the headlock defense . typical on a bar fight , a street fight . either a guy just comes up to headlock you , or we 're duking it out , boom , i hit him with a good one , he buries his head , he comes in with the headlock . he 's going to headlock , squeeze , and then he 's going to punch and number one defend your neck . bring your wrist up , your hand up , pull and twist , pull your chin into his ribs , okay . that 's going to hide , so when he does punch , even if he punches and it 's going to hit my forehead , instead of my face , by tucking your chin , so he 's getting your forehead . okay . when he goes to punch , you take this other arm the front of your common side , his bicep to hope to slow down , or totally block these punches . number two , you keep your balance , your base , so you do n't get headlocked . you do n't get taken out of the ground , maybe all he 's going to sit through and try and throw you to go the ground . so keep a good , wide base with your legs . now i 'm going to shove my shoulder forward , shove my shoulder forward and keep tight , do n't come wide , keep tight , bring this wrist behind him in the chicken wing . as i come up behind his back as you see here , right away i let go of the left wrist , come to the neck , lock down , arch his back , now i got body armor . use him against his opponents . i got the chicken wing wristlock here pulling up on his back . then i got a half choke , choke him pretty good here by clamping down , and keeping him bent backwards , remember , he has no power if he 's backwards . he pulls forward , we 're going to fight again , he 's going to start getting away , keep him back . keep him back , use him as body armor . so this is what you want to do , i 'm going to show the headlock one more time . fast , as he comes in , the guy comes in with a headlock , at the time he goes to punch , block the punches , slip out , come to him , get control , get the wrist , then the neck control . there 's your headlock defense , and i 'll show a headlock on the ground escape coming up .
cC5RFhOB1Gk you have recently wondered what are your rights about free credit report . are you entitled to a free credit report . whatever . hello i 'm robert todd and i 'm here to answer what is the law about free credit reports . as you know employers often and are allowed by law to check your credit report for their background checks for you with regards to both perspective employment and with existing employment . the united states fair credit reporting act entitles you as an individual to receive a free credit report once a year . now there are a lot of websites that talk about sending you the free credit report and so forth , beware . instead i would site you to annual credit report dot com to receive your free credit report . and pay attention to your credit report , it 's probably not a bad idea to check on this once a year . i 'm robert todd and thank you for watching .
36kHPjYMAbY when do snakes hibernate ? well not all snakes hibernate , just the ones that are going to live in temperate areas that are going to get colder . snakes are ectothermic so their internal body temperature is decided on by other sources be it the sun or a heated rock or whatever . so snakes that do hibernate are going to hibernate in the late fall to early winter months . now the key to hibernation is that a snake has to have the correct indicators to tell it to hibernate so a snake that is not allowed to be out in the wild and slowly or gradually have the temperature start dropping on him and slowly and gradually having the amount of daylight available to him getting smaller he wo n't have the correct indications that it is time to hibernate . because a snake has to prepare for hibernation . they have to eat a little bit more , they have to fatten up and they have to find a place that is going to be proper for them to hibernate in . now if you are continuing to hibernate a snake in captivity you can do that by shortening lighting hours and by slowly bringing the temperature down to a month to two month period , make sure that you do offer the snake more food before doing this and always make sure that you have water available in the event that the snake does awaken from his hibernation in an intermittent period and need to rehydrate . that 's very important .
aYM0d0ckS3Q now when you sleep on your back , it 's going to be a little bit different . again , if we 're using this as an example of a bed , and i 'm lying on my back , in a neutral position , there 's only really needs to be about this much space . if you use a pillow like most people do , they end up using a pretty thick pillow and then they sleep like this , and this creates this forward head posture , which is bad for your neck . so if you 're going to sleep on your back , what i recommend is for you to use a bath towel . imagine this is your bath towel . you 're going to fold it up into a square , which will actually be a bit bigger than this . the great things about towels is , they do not compress much . so when you put this towel behind your head , and you should have a nice , you should feel that you 're right in a neutral posture . if you like if you take the front edge of the towel and you can fold it forward just a little bit . like this . and you can put this folded end behind your neck , to give you a little more support . it may take you one or two nights sleep to get used to using a bath towel , but once you do , you 'll realize that you 'll get a much better sleep and you 'll be able to breathe deeper when you 're sleeping .
Bs_bMrsBN0k madden 08 is a registered trademark of ea games a company which i have no affiliation . the last thing we 're going to talk about as far as resigning players is just some other tips to keep in mind . you really want to be aware of how many players you have to sign and it looks like i have quite a few actually . i have a good fifteen players that i need to resign . so , some things you want to keep in mind is you do n't want to rely on free agency in a draft to fill all your needs . obviously , if i have fifteen guys that i need to resign , i have fifteen players that i need to bring on my team and you do n't want to have to sign fifteen either free agents or draft picks . so , i definitely want to resign a bunch of these guys . i 'll like to stay with my youth if i can . younger guys i try to sign just because they have a lot of upside . some of the older guys i 'll probably cut unless they are offensive linemen . offensive linemen play usually longer than most other positions and you definitely want to have at least two really solid back up offensive linemen to what you already have but you definitely want to sign some of your mar-key players and i have already done that . i signed jared allen . i signed my punter who is one of the better ones in the league but you 'll see my best player and their ranking by overall when any of these menus come up . my best i have to sign is a seventy-nine . so i 'm not signing any of my really good mar-key players . they 're still on contract and i do n't have to worry about them but like a john wellborn here . he 's going to be really good . if he 's not a starter , he ' going to be really good backup . he 's versatile . he can probably play a couple of different positions . but you want to have a couple running backs . you want to have two or three wide receivers going into free agency or the draft and you want a quarter back is definitely a position that you want to be full on . you want to have a lot of different options there and defensive lines are going to be important as well . just make sure that you are not leaving yourself too thin going into free agency or the draft because you 're not going to be able to sign all the people you want to sign and you know draft picks are n't going to be that high rated . i mean , a low eighty is going to be a pretty good draft pick . so , those are just some more things to keep in mind when you 're resigning your current players and anybody that you do n't resigned is going to be a free agent . so , anyone you want to keep , you have to sign it at this point .
4Q83BNSiGs0 hi , i 'm lorna campodonico , for painter and decorative artists , and i 'm going to show you how to stipple paint , which is basically using what i call a pounce brush . it 's a rounded edged brush . you can see mine has been used several times . and you take the paint and get ; i 'm using a glaze again ; not straight paint but a glaze , and you load it with paint and kind of offload a little bit so you do n't get an excess , and you simply dot the wall where you get little tiny brush stipple marks . but because it 's a round brush you can play with it , and if you get an offload of a bristle do n't worry . when it dries it 'll fleck right off . and you just sort of move it around so the paint does n't form , it looks consistent you do n't want big lines . and you can also , you 'll be finessing this as you put it on . this is used a lot in furniture , but we 're doing it on a wall because you can do it in a wall , although i would do it in small areas ; maybe a window frame or you can even do moldings . but you just take the paint and move it around so you do n't get too many.. see now , there 's the brush . you just lift it off and go back over , and just keep doing that . and you can see , because it has a lot of movement and a lot of pattern you do n't want to do it in a large area . and that is how to stipple a wall . thanks a lot . i 'm lorna campodonico
Fmp7XECUWKY hello everybody my name is lauren taylor . we 're here at the bakers corner . once again , i kind of live here we 're here on behalf of expert village . today we 're making one of my most favorite things in the whole entire world eat if you have ever had it then you 'll understand it . it 's southern style turkey and dressing not stuffing cause we really do n't do stuffing we do dressing . trust me once you had it you 'll get it 's fantastic , it 's a holiday dish but really i make it in january , april , june , august ; i make it pretty much all year around . whenever i 'm just hungry for it and i 'm really craving a good turkey dressing , i 'll make a big pan of it i 'll make a big batch of it . then it 's something you can eat on for days and you make a good batch of this stuff , stick in the refrigerator and even freeze half of it if you want to . it will freeze well in the freezer for a couple of days . you can just kind of munch on it . i done it so many times where i 'll eat on it for a week , it 's great stuff . it does have a quite a few ingredients in it but knowing more seasoning than anything else . it 's not difficult to make . you just really throw everything in a big bowl together and stick it in the oven which if you have ever seen any of my things on the bakers corner before . then you know that is how i like to do it , throw it in a pan and stick it in the oven to bake so let 's get started southern style turkey and dressing .
1pycas4XL9U tip number 5 : collecting jewelry over time . instead of going out on one grand buying trip , as much fun as that may be , it 's a better and more accurate reflection of your personality if you slowly collect key pieces of jewelry over time . for example , do a single initial buying trip and find out what you need . then , after that , continue to buy pieces when you go shopping in the future . for example , if someone gives you a gift certificate for your birthday , this is a great opportunity to buy that ring that you 've been eying for the past couple months . it 's also a great way to fill in holes in your jewelry wardrobe without a great outlay of money all at one time . most people 's budget can not afford to spend an enormous amount of money all at one time on jewelry or anything else . therefore it 's a more practical solution to spread out your jewelry acquisition over a period of time . even your whole lifetime . the exception to this rule is costume jewelry . if you like costume jewelry and you want to just buy a big bunch of it all at once it 's very easy to do this within a limited budget at either an antiques fair or a knock off place or a discount store like target or mervyns . both of these places have really cute costume jewelry , and you can go spend a lot of money , all lot at once , and completely change your jewelry wardrobe .
BWZ1C6uXZfU some things that you can take with you to make you feel a little bit more comfortable when you are the fish out of water while traveling are . my favorite thing is the eye mask . this little dream essential thing is amazing . it 's padded . when you 're on a plane , when you have jet lag , when you 've been up all night and need to sleep during the day , this guy comes in so handy . it could be a life saver . mine happens to have a little pocket here that i can put a tissue , advil , or ear plugs in . if you 're in a noisy hostel or there are horns honking outside or hyenas laughing , it is so good to just have these 2 things to zone out and it 'll make your life so much better . when you 're on the plane for your comfort and for your health to get up , walk around , do stretches because of deep vein thrombosis , vdt . you can get that from sitting down for too long . just be cautious , be aware . the neck rest , i think that 's so good . they 're inflatable , you can pack them easily . they even have them where you can wrap them around in front so you can maneuver your head and have support . i like to take , and this is odd to some people . a grown woman carrying stuffed animal with her . this guy comes in really handy when sleeping against a train , plane or automobile , good for my lap if i want to write or read a book . i like to sleep with a pillow between my legs , it 's perfect . if you 're in a hotel or something where they do n't even have a pillow or it 's not existent , stella the stingray comes in handy .
bMGYGUi-6w0 hello , today we are going to show you how to make a family quilt , which a lot of people have asked me about . i 'm actually in the process of putting mine together , this kind of gave me an extra kick to do it a little sooner , instead of later . i 've made a couple for my daughters , that are their blankets , but we 're actually going to do a whole family blanket . i 'm going to show you how i 'm going to put mine together . you 're first step is going to be keeping clothes from the family . we 've kept clothes from dad , which i have nice big fleece pieces , from an old fleecy he had that got a hole in it , to of my son , which this is one of my favorite pieces i have off of one of his old pajamas . you want to make sure you do stuff you remember the kids wearing and stuff you remember . maybe you had some school pictures taken in , i have a couple that are like that . this is one of her pajamas . i love stuff that 's soft . it will be stretchy , so the more stretchy materials you have , the more ify the blanket 's going to look in the end but it 'll be just fine because it 's a family blankets , so it should be cozy . two of the babies pajamas , this is my favorite onesie my daughter wore , and that 's going to be part of the blanket . what you do want to avoid is anything that does n't have nice big blocks in it because this i can take a nice big chunk out of . you want to get some that 's not stretchy so it 's not all going to be like that . just try to make sure you get evenly for everybody and then you 're ready to get started .
cQFXedAj960 so our next stretch is the swan . it 's a good stretch for the upper body . from here you 're going to have your hands next to your chest just like alex has . he 's going to press his hips into the floor as he pulls his navel in towards his spine . he 's going to use his arms to press all the way up , keeping his hips flat onto that mat . relaxing the neck back . take a deep inhale and start to bend the elbows and come all the way back down . you can also keep your legs hip distance apart or you can close them like one leg , like a cobra . so close your legs , right there , thank you . so take a deep inhale and press the hips in , lift the belly button off and press the arms back . keeping the elbows all the way back towards the hips . opening up the chest towards the ceiling . take a deep inhale here and slowly lower all the way down . a variation on this exercise is to stay down and just rotate your elbows towards your hips as you lift your chest up a little bit , so you 're on your forearms here . press and then lower right back down . so you do n't have the straight arch in your back , you can do this as well . again , press all the way up and lower all the way down . that was the swan , our next stretch will be rocker .
FkXTd89z44o hi , i 'm casey i 'm with elements university . i 'm here on behalf of expert village . in this segment i 'm going to show a tip on how to get your sideburns even . so we all had people when they come into our salon that normally we would go ahead and judge the sideburns kind of on the same areas where we did on the ears . for example if i had my client and i lined it up with the top of his ears , i would go ahead and i would do the same on the other side . in most cases the case our clients ears could be off things like that , the best thing that i learned actually put your fingers where the sideburns are and that way you can actually tell where your off . as you can tell on the right side i 'm definitely off as far as how even i am so all i 'm going to do is i 'm going to move my finger up in line with my other one . come across , remember we 're making where the ear was and we 're making that sideburns right off . go ahead and put your fingers back and when they line up perfect then that 's when you know they 're even . stay tune for our next segment which i 'm going to give you a tip on how to taper in the neck line .
D-02h1HaVcw hi , my name is dave andrews . today , i 'm going to show you how to create new powerpoint autoshapes . let 's begin by opening up powerpoint . clicking on the start button , going to all programs , microsoft office , and let 's launch powerpoint . this brings up the default slide that i 'm going to add my autoshape to . to create the autoshape , just click on insert , and under shapes , select the shape you 'd like to insert . i 'm going to put a smiley face in there by clicking on it , and then just drawing the shape onto my powerpoint . let 's make him yellow by right-clicking on it , and clicking on format shape and then the color , select the yellow color . now , i 'm going to press f5 to run my powerpoint slide show , and as you can see , my smiley face autoshape has been placed in the powerpoint . my name is dave andrews , and i 've just showed you how to create autoshapes in powerpoint .
1Q0mBPj-qKw hi , my name is tim ambrosius . i 'm a professional guitar tech . i 'm going to show you all the tools you need to use on your guitar when you 're setting it up or repairing it . first , one thing you 're going to need are just a set of wire clippers . most of the time you 're going to be using them to cut the strings too short . they always give you too much string when you 're restringing your guitar . the next thing you 're going to need is a peg winder . you do n't really need it , but they really come in handy . they 've got a little groove on them that helps take the peg out of the acoustic and when you 're restringing the guitar , you just use it as a little crank on the tuning machine and it makes the job go twenty times faster . the other thing you 're going to need is an allen wrench to adjust the neck on it . on your guitar , there 's an allen screw on the end of the truss rod . and , that 's what you 're going to need to adjust the action on your guitar . you always need a tuner . you always need to be in tune and make sure you have the right pitch the entire time , otherwise , it 's not worth it . you know . and then , polish and a polish cloth because you always want to look clean when you 're done doing the job .
e7mEEoDquEo besides these skis being a great piece of adaptive equipment because of their shorter length and wider bottoms , these are great pieces of adaptive equipment to use for anybody , whether you have a disability or not . these are ideal for people with disabilities that might just need a little bit of extra balance support . something that 's not quite as slippery as regular nordic skis , or something that 's not quite as cumbersome as snow shoes because of the width and just the size and weight of the snow shoes . and another ideal feature of these skis are on the bottom here they have their built-in skins , so it makes them a lot less slippery than regular nordic skis , so your participant is less likely to slip and fall or do the splits , and you have -- it provides a lot more control to , using these skins . you get more control going both up and downhill .
F1Aw94y4XaU cindy mastry : a great way to open your hips is through the double pigeon pose . and for people who have tight hamstrings or a tight low back and tight hips , it can be hard to come into this pose without the use of block . so the blocks really going to help us do this . we 're going to ask faith to take a seat right on that block , and then we 're going to help her bring her legs into double pigeon . so she 's going to extend both legs out first . good . she 's just going to bend her right leg . now what she wants to do is take her knee directly out from her hip . ideally , the knees come straight out from the hip and then the heel comes straight out from the knee . so she 's forming an `` l '' with her leg . good . now , she 's going to bring the other leg up and do the exact same thing so the knee comes directly out from the hip and the foot comes over off the knee . now , you might find that you 're so tight that your leg is going to be all the way up here . do n't worry about it . you can work this pose , and as you just breathe into the stretch and work pressing the thigh open , you will be able to come in to this pose deeper and deeper . you want to flex the feet to protect your knee . good . and we also call this pose the fire log pose , because you stack your logs and then you feel the burn right in the hips . you could also bring this pose forward just a little bit and she 'd get a little bit deeper stretch in through her hips . so fire log or double pigeon post .
5lYhavGID9U hi ! my name is sheryl mcglochlin with crazysheryl.com . welcome to expertvillage.com . i want to talk about what are the 7 key foods that would sustain you in a long term emergency if you could not get to the store . why i 'm even talking about that with these whole wheat chocolate chip cookies , freshly ground whole wheat . we are using several of the 7 foods in here . one is wheat . we are going to grind up this wheat and use it in the cookies . also , we have oats . oats is whole grain . this also is a 7-grain mix . it has barley , wheat , and some other whole grains in here . the 7 foods that you would need to sustain your body and that you should learn how to store and use on a regular basis are whole grains , which we 're using , legumes , like beans , which we are not using today , powdered milk , which we 're not using , salt , oil , water , sugar or honey , and those are the 7 that you would need . if you know how to use , store , and actually enjoy eating these types of foods , they would sustain you in a long term emergency , and that could save your life .
FMC0oupcGc8 hi , i 'm debrah demirza and i 'm at deluxe , a resale clothing boutique in eugene oregon . and today i 'm going to show you how to fix a stretched out sweater . there 's a couple different ways that i do it , and one is if it 's wool , you can wet the fabric , and on some wool , if it 's stretched out from it 's original shape , and the original shape fit you , then what you can do is while it 's damp , you can kind of scrunch it together on a flat surface , while it 's damp . and then you can pat it down back into shape . now this one , and when it dries , it will go back to it 's original shape . as long as you 're not stretching it while it 's wet . so i 've had a lot of luck with wool sweaters , where the original shape was stretched out . if you start out with a sweater that 's just already too big , and that 's the way it was sewn , what you can do is you can take it in , you can reshape it on you by pinning it . what i usually do is find out what shape i want , and you can use chalk . just regular chalk , to get the shape that you want . and then you can pin that , and you can do it on both sides , and measure both sides with the new shape that you want , and then gently go to the edges under the arm , or if you want the whole arm taken in then you can just extend your line , and then you can pin that if you want . and then what i usually do is on my surger , i will create this new line , and trim it down . this one wo n't go back into a shape , because this is the shape it was when it was created , but you can reinvent a shape easily by using a surger . now if you do n't have a surger , you can work it back and forth with a zigzag stitch on your machine . a wide zigzag stitch , and sometimes that 's successful . and that 's how you can fix a stretched out sweater .
an0QPmUp2Qc hello ! i 'm sifu mallon with the clearwater kung fu center . this is my assistant melissa and this is kick boxing . the next kick boxing drill , we 're going to work is a jump rope skill . this is called alternating switch . so alternating switch is where my feet are going to go ahead and perform a basic hop to start . and then , i perform the alternating switch . alternating means , i 'm changing which foot is on forward . and the switch means from front to back . o.k . again , you 'll notice i 'm pointing out to the heels that are off the floor . i 'm running on the balls of the feet . o.k . i 'll demonstrate this first , at full speed . then have melissa show you . i start with my cross swing . open up , basic hop . and then , alternating switch . melissa go ahead and walk forward . so again , she starts with her basic warm up . which is her cross swing . from the cross swing , she opens for basic hop . she goes to her alternating switch . good . alright , melissa . this is how we perform , kick boxing , jump rope alternating switch .
CdqBj9mRsxo in this clip i will show you the tools that you will need to trim the bird 's wings , trim his nails and file his beak . what we use are nail trimmers and also when you trim the nails you want to have some sort of clotting substance , whether a powder or liquid in case you cut the nails too short , there 's a blood supply in there you need to be able to clot . to trim the wings we just have a small pair of scissors which we 'll pull out his wing and trim each feather at a time with smaller scissors . and then also just a drummel to file down the nails after we trim them and also file down his beak .
Dz6G4F_1HcE alvin dedeaux : one of the disadvantages of fly fishing is if you 're trying to fish really deep in the bottom of a lake or out in the middle of the ocean , since you do n't have a weighted lure , it 's much tougher to get something to sink very deep , or if you 're in a situation where you 're just trying cover a lot of water , like i 'm making a catch , reel it in ; make a catch , reel it in . that 's much easier to do with conventional tackles , so your disadvantages with the fly rod are trying to fish deep water or if you 're trying to cover a lot of water or if you 're just trying to throw a really big lure for a really big fish . it 's a little bit tougher to do with fly fishing equipment . it 's not impossible , but it 's definitely a little bit tougher .
dYC3ByEawjk o.k . the water for our shrimp has just began to boil . so and it 's a very gentle boil . so what we 're going to do is , we 're going to get our shrimp ready . so we 're going to take our plate with shrimp and our small container . and we do n't want to contaminate any of our surfaces , with the shrimp . so we 're going put our gloves on . the only thing with this shrimp when it 's raw , is really going to touch is this plate and the shells will go here and these gloves . so we 're going to go ahead and you can pull from the legs , like this . you can make a slit in the back , like this . and then pull them out . you can make that same slit and then take one side off . and then the other side off . then take the head off . you can just grab anywhere and make a rip . as long as you do n't rip into the flesh and ruin . so all of these work equally well . so there 's no real right or wrong way . it 's whatever you 're most comfortable with . and again , if we were , we are poaching this . we 're not going to be making this like a cocktail sauce with it , to dip chilled . but if we were , you 'd want to leave this part of the shell on . so you 're going to have something hard to grab on to . and we 're also not going to season the shrimp . not even with salt . because we 're just going to drop them , in here . we 're going to put them first with a pesto sauce . and then with our alfredo sauce . so they 're going to be salty . so we 're going to take this container full of shells . throw it away . we 're going to take our gloves from the bottom . and turn them this way and then we have n't contaminated anything . alright , we 're going to get our spoon . and it really is n't going to take that long for our shrimp to cook , in this water . and remember , we had a gentle boil . you do n't really want a a violent boil like , you did with your pasta . and we 're going to cook them just until they 're a little bit pink .
eQeFOkXilcI one of the most important things you can do in terms of insect protection is purchase pretreated clothing . the clothing that you may see in your outdoor store it 's going to go by the label , `` buzz off . '' that 's the most popular label , and it is a permethrin treated line of insect treated clothing . and it 's basically will stay in your clothes for roughly twenty-six washings . so it does not wash out and you can use them over , and over , and over , and over again . and so you can purchase these clothes which have been pretreated . and you can buy pants , shirts , socks , hats , all of the basic essentials that you 're going to need in order to protect yourself from insect bits . and the treating that goes into these clothes is actually an insecticide , so it actually paralyzes the insect , and so you do not get bit . and that makes your experience much more enjoyable .
EcRB3hVDASE the next point that you 're going to use for hip dysplasia is going to be liver 3 , or great pouring , and this is the one that 's located sort of halfway , two thirds of the way between the top of the foot and the ankle . and you can run your finger down , and you 'll just sort of feel your finger fall in . this is one though , that actually works best if you do an upward sweeping motion with your hand , so you 're actually literally trying to pull the energy up through the body , help take that power from the feet into the hips , and the upper , you know , the lower part of the back , so again , a sweeping upward motion . use some fairly good pressure on this . you do n't want to be too gentle . it 's a fairly bony area , but most dogs are pretty happy having that done , so you 're going to want to do this , again for about a minute , if the dog will tolerate it . you 'll also want to do both legs . it 's important that again , in most cases with hip dysplasia , both sides are sore , so it 's important to do both sides at , you can do them at the same time , or you can do one after the other , depending on what the animal will tolerate .
BsqkSfnVDc0 hello , i 'm sifu mallon with the clearwater kung fu center . this is my assistant , melissa , and this is women 's self defense . this self defense tactic is going against the hold . this is called front head hold so meaning i 've got her head in a lock in front of the body . so what she is going to do is the first thing she is going to do is she is going to neutralize this . she is going to use the free hand and she is going to grab and pull down on my forearm so i ca n't lift and get my arch and choke her this way . now as she does this she steps back , getting a nice base and now she is going to fire two , one , two , fast groin strikes , then she is going to open her hand and do what is called the wedge strike . a wedge strike is where you are using the inside web or the wedge of your hand this way . she is going to straight up this way , push and lift , that way . again , so i come forward , i attack this way , grabbing her head . she neutralizes by pulling the inside hand down . okay , she steps back , she groin strikes , one , two , lift , punch . now this push , this wedge push as it is coming up is going to come from here and it is going to be more of not like a touch and shove but more like a jab , quick strike . this is how we do women 's self defense .
djOoh2vzMPo hi this is ryan gwilliam with expert village and i 'm gon na teach you two very important things for any dog owner . first of all is that your dog needs at least an hour of exercise every day . as i taught you in one of the clips to walk your dog with a back pack , if you do that , your dogs getting probably double the exercise for the same amount of work . so , at least forty five minutes if your gon na use a backpack , an hour if your not and just like humans need to get up and work everyday , fish need to swim every day , dogs need to walk everyday . that 's what they would be doing in the wild and it 's very frustrating to them to be locked behind closed doors all day . if i was locked behind doors all day i would probably develop some serious disorders as well . so , we 've got to treat them with the same respect as we do ourselves and give them the proper amount of exercise . another important thing to know is that it 's not the breed of dog that is gon na create bad behaviors , it 's not the dog himself , it 's the owner of the dog . as you see i have two pit bulls that normally get a pretty bad rap , but as you can see they are very calm and loving dogs . so , if you really want to have dogs that behave , then you need to search out the information that is necessary to have this type of dog . it is your responsibility and any problems that your dog may have , any misbehaviors that your dog has is your fault , not the dogs . so , do n't blame them , do n't get mad at them . you need to find the answer and fix it yourself .
DSNx62OnHcg hi , this is matt on behalf of expert village and today i 'm going to show you how to make arroz con pollo , spanish chicken and rice . now that we have our parsley and cilantro chopped up and our green peppers and red peppers chopped up now it 's time to work on our garlic and onions . lets start off with the garlic and we 'll put the onion aside . i could sit here and try to peel this by hand but i 'm not going to do that because it 's a total major pain . an easy way to do this is take your fork and press on it really hard , and you hear that crack , some of it just flew away , but that easily helps peel that off , it 's coming right off , here ? s our garlic , so that 's an easy way to do it , [ lets do this one , it got away from us ] lets do the same thing , you hear that crunch and there 's our garlic ; and our peel , gone . so that 's perfect , now what we are going to do is dice that up , it does n't have to be really fine because it 's going to go in our food processor lets just cut the ones over , it does n't have to be a lot , that good enough . we 're going to take the garlic and move its one little space on the board . now we have our onions , same thing i do n't want to peel this because i 'm lazy and who wants to do that , you see layer upon layer , so what we are going to do it an easy way . this has to be cut up a little finer , we are going to cut one end off like so , move that off the board , cut the other end off and move that off the board and really simple just cut off on one side and turn it over cut on the other side and the first layer comes right off and it 's that simple . now what we 're going to do is the poor mans dicing because i do n't have a dicer . what i do is take the knife and just cut a few lines like so and then i turn it and i cut across those lines it 's already falling apart actually like so and then i just lay it on its side and there we have diced onions . i 'm going to finish dicing this onion using the poor mans dicer and then we will see you on the next step .
EtTtahjOaGs hi , i 'm emily larew , and we 're now going to add our riffle with our bombershay . so what does that look like ? let 's take a look . we 're going to take our right foot and we 're going to do brush , heel , step , okay . so you start with your foot going towards the direction you 're traveling , and then away . you 're going to finish that last riffle sound by switching your foot over . all right , so we have brush , heel , step , we 're going to step on our left foot . brush , heel , step , step , brush , heel , step , step . so as you can see my feet are really close to the floor , and they 're little small movements . brush , heel , step , one and a two . so , then , you can add a heel to it as well , for your step heel sound , add another little extra sound in your riffle bombershay . so we have brush , heel , step , step , heel . brush , heel , step , step , heel . brush , heel , step , step , heel . brush , heel , step , step , heel . so you have to make sure that you 're transferring your weight during that first riffle , okay . so as i 'm on my heel , i 'm already moving over here even though i have n't put it down until my right foot completes the riffle motion . so a couple more ... good . that was your riffles with your step heels .
46f6DpilJJA ok , since this is say , a smaller beer stein or a really large coffee mug , generally you can make your beer stein up to about like that tall . i mean , you can make it as big as you like . but that 's a good size . so you want to find out , look at it where it is , see how large of a handle we 're going to need . alright , what i like to do , just get a piece of clay there , and just start making it look like a carrot kind of , however , whatever gets you there , just make it look like it . just like that , alright ? and this is what we 're going to be holding onto the top of it . we 're going to be pulling our handle out like that . just make sure that you have enough clay to hold onto and enough clay to make our handle and we 're just going to milk it out and let it set up , slap it on that stein .
D2v1SNKPj3A so doing this project does require a specialty type of extruder dye . the dye is what goes in the base of the extruder and the clay gets pushed through it , and that 's what creates your uniform long piece of clay . now , these extruder dyes are created so that the clay will be pushed through and the hollow space , the empty space that you see there , will be the shape of the clay that 's extruded . so i 'll have a hollow tube in the shape of a hexagon , a circle , or a square , whatever i want to use . i think for this project i 'm going to use the hexagon , i think that sounds kind of fun . so you take the little interpiece , and you put it on the base . this piece comes with these dykes , it 's part of the kit . attach that with the bolt , and then you take the base piece , you set it inside the holder , and then this sets on top of that piece . now it is important that you make sure that the two pieces are lined up properly . so i 'm going to take a moment and make sure that those are lined up before i hook it on the extruder .
eNB06-LCMPQ ok , now that we have all of our heating devices we need to talk about how to properly place them on the reptile enclosures to get your optimum heat . first and foremost , we have our day bulbs , and our night bulbs , ok. what we 're going to need is we 're going to need one light fixture for your day bulb , on one side of your aquarium , ok , and you 're going to have another fixture for your night bulb on the other side of the aquarium . in between these two fixtures there will be another fixture . that 's going to be for your uvb light . now it could be a florescent fixture for the long florescent tubes , or it could be a compact one . it 's entirely up to you . the compacts though will run you a little bit cheaper for the fixture and the bulb , rather than the long tube fluorescents . so what you 're going to want is you 're going to want your day bulb on this side , with probably a good hundred to one hundred-fifty watt day bulb , ok , that 's a white light bulb , not a red or a blue or a black . that bulb is going to run for about ten hours a day , ok , just like normal daylight time . your other bulb is your night bulb . that 's going to be the red or the black or the blue . you 're probably going to be using a seventy-five to one hundred watt light bulb . and that 's going to be on twenty-four seven . you 're never going to turn that off . then , you 're going to take your heat pad , if you chose to use one , and that 's going to go on the side of the tank with your night bulb , ok. what that 's going to allow you to do is create a heat radiant . you should have one side of your tank that is reaching upwards to one hundred to one hundred and ten degrees , and the other side of your tank should drop anywhere down to eighty-five degrees . that way the reptile can regulate his own temperature by going back and forth . so it 's very important there 's a heating radiant , or the reptile going to overheat , as well as be under heated .
28xC1sK7LgE hi , my name is lucy spain on behalf of expert village here to talk about an introduction into cheer leading . after you decide to make the decision to tryout for a cheer leading squad , you 're going to have to inquire and find out about the tryouts . first of all your going to find out when the cheer leading tryout are usually . if you 're trying out for a school squad you 're going to want to do this during the summer as tryouts will usually take place before school is even in session . secondly you 're going to want to find out where the tryouts are held . sometimes they might be held at your school if it 's an outer school squad , a lot of times they 'll be held at the gym who sponsors them or a community fitness center . after that you 're going to find out who is conducting the tryouts . a good way to do that is to use your internet resources . you can get in touch with coach via email or via phone after you do that you are going to want to make sure what is involved in the tryouts . usually you can get a list from your coach of what is going to be expected from you at the tryouts . after you get that list you can begin working on the scales you 're going to need to acquire the skills to make your squad . after you have all of that in session , you are now ready to begin figuring out if you 're going to attend tryouts where , who , when and who 's going to be conducting them .
Fi0nR6Rw0tQ in this example what i 'm going to do is a `` a '' minor pentatonic click with the wah effect over the drum beat . and what i 'm going to be doing this time is showing you how to play the lick , where you can use some rests , and chromatic licks and stuff like that , and give you an idea of variations you can use , playing rhythmically , but yet playing lead . so with the drums it will sound like this . so pretty much what i did there was i just start with the basics on the `` 7 '' fret of the `` g '' , bending in at the same time , with my foot going up , and then the chromatic walk up from the 5th fret of the `` a '' string , which is `` d '' , rest , and ending on the root note of `` a '' , going ; and on each note , throwing in my wah effect . so again it will be like ; you know there 's all different kinds of variation you could do of it . but again , just showing you do n't have to be playing notes the entire time the drums are playing , just kind of play with the timing a little bit . because as a lead guitar player your a little more free to play with the timing than the rhythm section would be .
DQx6Ku390YU hi my name is dr. art bowler and i am a psychologist in manhattan new york city where i have my own private practice . in this clip we are going to talk about how to recognize senile dementia . senile dementia is a dementia that could be an alzheimer 's type and is related to changes in cognition or thinking but it also involves changes in perception as well and behavior . some of the changes in cognition involve memory changes , not remember what to do , how to do something or necessary things that people do every day like shower or bath . difficulty memorizing and memory , procedural issues , motor problems , a person not being able to move around as they used to and not because of a motor impairment . also people with senile dementia tend to show behavioral changes like marked agitation , changes in mood that are uncharacteristic of the person , delusions , delusions of paranoia , different ideas such as those that are different than the person that you know . those may be some signs of senile dementia you may notice . this is dr. art bowler and this has been how to recognize senile dementia .
a-F0OAyXHBk i want to give you a little tip on hole punching as well . the first one that you use for you hole punching , i put a little x on there . so , that 's going to be my template for the rest of the pieces and every time i come to hole punch my papers i set that one on top . then you make sure that all of your pieces have the same measurement on that hole punch . i did my cover piece as well which is going to go on top . when you get all of these done , take your leather piece , set it in there to where it 's centered and then you want to make a mark . this is where your hole punch is going to go on the leather . take your awl and just punch that right though . try to get kind of a big , big hole in there so you can get that leather strap through . there 's my second one . i 'm just going to do two holes on this one . you can do , if you have a bigger book , you can do four . do two straps on each binding . but , on this one since it 's so small i 'm just going to do one . so , we set these on there , make sure everything lines up . all looks good . ok .
cen36xtC8y4 so now we are going to talk about just how to finish this up . you want to think about now how this top edge is going to be , smooth it out . if you have a preferred size of candle you might want to think about how big you want this opening on the top and how deep you want it . you can also take things like these rib tools here and use them to form patterns on your surface for later on . so i can put in a groove there , another one there , put some lines to it and add to it some patterns on the surface , maybe put a little line up by the top here to define the lip of it . so you can see how there are various techniques for that . in order to take this off the hump here we are going to need a piece of our dental floss and this is handy to have for this kind of work because it is good for getting things off . you want to get a secure hold on your dental floss and put it in that mark that you made and just let it run around . as soon as it grabs you just pull it forward . i am doing it kind of slow right now and you do n't want it to pull into the pot . you can see how it just disconnected it . so normally i do that a lot faster but now that it is disconnected you can just swivel it over and lift it and place it over here . so we 're going to make another one here in a moment to match it so we will talk about how to measure it next .
2G8gy_0OuG8 as far as equipment that you would want to wear , the safety equipment that you would want to wear for roller hockey , whether you 're playing indoor or outdoor , it is pretty generally the same as your ice hockey equipment . a little bit of variation , but some of the equipment you would want to use is shin guards . you definitely want to have a pair of these , especially for indoor . the game moves at the same pace as an ice hockey game . the puck hurts . sticks hurt . so definitely wear shin guards . i recommend those . get a nice , good pair , something solid . if a puck hits it , it 's not going to hurt . it wo n't crack . and if they do crack , replace them . always have good equipment , good safety equipment . you ca n't go wrong . make sure all your shin guards fit properly , just so it 's a nice , comfortable fit and you can skate good with them on .
1SPQ72XcQ6U hi , i 'm matt cail and on behalf of expert village i 'm going to show you how to setup a haunted house . haunted houses are all about what 's going on , where ? it suppose to be a house and houses have different rooms or compartments to them . so different compartments will have different themes , as your mapping out your house try to think about different themes or settings that you like to have in your house . some popular scenes i 've heard is having a crazy clown room , a graveyard , a demons layer , a laborant for example . you can also consider if you have more four or five compartments having a slightly lighter room , a fun room . this is okay it can still be a little creepy and a little bit of fun and not every single room in your haunted house has to be super freaky . for example , you can have a room that you can have a dancing ghoul , usually this is somebody who is seated as the people enter the room some music starts up , the ghoul starts dancing a little bit . it 's a nice little enter mixing of fun , if you really want to play on psychological reactions having a little fun and humor , a little bit not too much . is actually good to have between frights so they do n't become descentized .
_6usm_HtILU okay , now i 'm ready to pull up the walls to make the sides of the casserole . i 'm going to get it a little wet , take my right thumb and wedge it under the clay . give myself an undercut so that i 've got a ball of clay that i can pull up . i 'm going to pinch with my left hand , compress with my right . now even though i want it to go out this way in the end , i start going in a little bit . clay tends , especially with the centrifugal force of the wheel , to lay out . that 's what it wants to do . so if you start going out in the beginning , you 're probably going to lose the side of your pot downwards . so you do n't want that . again , i 'm just going underneath and pinching from both sides , and pulling up . so now i 've got the wall close to the thickness that i want . this is going to be a lidded form , though . so it 's important , before you get to the final step , to go ahead and ref in the ledge where your led is going to sit . i do this by taking my left index finger and my right thumb , and pushing up against my index finger , and making a little ledge . and then you want to compress the edge here , and clean off the corner . and now that we 're done with that , we can move into the final step of shaping the casserole .
1EHuon_W9C8 next we 're going to talk about maintenance . maintenance for all the different dread types is different . we could , for maintenance for a comb twist is going to be a lot more because a comb twist is basically using gel and creating coils with your hair . so , to maintain , that 's going to come out pretty quick . you 're going to lay on it , you might get it wet , whatever . even if you try and really keep it tied down , you have to have a comb twist done within two weeks . because , first of all , you want your scalp cleaned within that time , and second of all , it 's going to be messed up . you 're going to need to come back in . if you 're going to start your dreads from a comb twist , then when you come back in , then we 're going to actually hand twist it so it can start the locking process . you should never put the comb back in the head once you 've started the locking process . so , the maintenance on a comb twist is going to be two weeks at the longest . okay ?
CSoM17gRk6o hi , this is john on behalf of expert village . in this video i 'll be talking about parts identification on circular saws . the circular saw that i chose for this demonstration is quiet old , you can no longer buy all metal circular saws . the reason i chose this one is because it has all of the basic features that you see on circular saws no days . the first part is the handle , this is where you 're going to grab on and hold onto your circular saw . on that handle we have a trigger switch , if you push that trigger in , the saw will turn on , if you release that trigger the saw will turn off . next we have our depth adjustment knob , what this knob is going to do is its going to allow us to change the depth of cut . the big metal part down here is called the shoe , what that 'll do is that will rest on our board and keep our saw straight when we 're sawing . now we have our lower guard , when i raise the guard it exposes the blade , that guard is there to protect you just in case you accidentally hit this with your hand or you set the saw down and it tries to cut into whatever you set it on . after that we have our curve indicator which is this little cutout section right here , this is going to tell you where your line is , so i 'm going to put my line that i draw right up against that mark and that 's going to give me a straight cut . lastly is our bevel adjustment knob , what this will do is it 'll allow us to make cuts at different angles by tilting the blade to a specified angle .
11cwpeaDJzc have you ever wondered on how often you should wear your night guard ? well my name is michelle and i 'm a dental assistant with solutionz and i 'm here to explain to you on how often you should wear it . basically if you have been prescribed by your general dentist to wear a night guard because you tend to maybe grind your teeth at night , or to wear a night guard during the day while you 're driving 'cause you get tense and you grind your teeth . but that 's something - wearing a night guard is something you definitely want to wear on a consistent basis every night . it 's pretty easy after you brush and floss your teeth before you go to bed , you just pop in your night guard , wear it for those eight hours or six hours of sleep that you 're getting . and then take it out in the morning , rinse it off , even maybe you know rinse it off with your toothbrush and toothpaste , to kind of keep it clean of that excess film that you might have left on it . but if you 've been prescribed by your general dentist to wear a night guard you definitely want to wear it every night on a regular basis because by doing so you 're going to be training your actual jaw joints to kind of not become so tense . you have to basically you 're retraining those tmj joints to kind of stay propped open and you 're providing cushion for them , so the more that you can wear it the better it will be for you in the long run , but yes , every night definitely wear your night guard if you 've been prescribed to wear it during driving , every time you get in the car , pop it in . it 's only going to be a benefit for you in the future . once again my name is michelle and i 'm a dental assistant with solutionz , and i just explained to you on how often to wear your night guard .
BlBRWIDHWh8 you know , at some point in time , we 're all going to incur some type of sting injury . hi , i 'm captain joe bruni . what i want to talk about is how to treat the common yellow jacket sting . the yellow jacket sting is going to leave behind some type of stinger . that stinger will have some type of venom sack attached to the end of it . the goal is to remove the stinger without further envenomation from that venom sack left behind . take some type of credit card , driver 's license , dull edge of a butter knife , and scrape the stinger away and out of the skin . do not grab the stinger with fingers or a pair of tweezers as this will squeeze the venom sack and further envenomate the victim . once the stinger has been removed , it can be treated by first cleaning the site with soap and water or some type of antiseptic and then applying ice , and a paste of either meat tenderizer and water , or baking soda and water for a short period of time over that site location . keep in mind , there will be redness , swelling , and pain . the ice and the paste will help to reduce both of those . i 'm captain joe bruni , stay safe , and we 'll see you next time .
d6N1Z4St6yo hello ! peggy charlton here for expert village . i am going to discuss how to prepare for a job interview and you have something like a short sleeve on and tattoos down here , that could be a major turn off . what you are doing is you are trying to get hired and then you can ask them if you can wear the earrings , is tattoos a problem or anything like that . but first you want to be hired and you want to present your best appearance possible . a suit would be preferable for a girl . this is an example of a person who looks absolutely stunning for an interview . she has a pretty expensive jacket on . she has pants on ; she could wear a skirt . her hair is pulled back instead of in her face and she has light make-up on and she is not overdoing with the make-up .
02LnULLXds4 color is relative ! and that is the one rule that you really need to remember . every time you change a color , in a painting you change everything else that is happening around it . this is just a very simple test . this color looks sort of like a blue pink . this looks kind of like a orange corral pink . these are in fact the same pink . let me prove it . the same pink ! i cut them off out , off of the same stripe . but in a different ground , this pink looks different . that means that you 've got an awful lot of color testing in front of you . i 'm just going to show you again a dark pink here . and again the same thing happens . this is looking more purple . this is looking very purple actually . and this again looks more orange . this is , happens something to do a with the fact that the colors are mixed . i mean the blue is straight out of the jar as is the red . the pink i had to mix . now i mixed the pink with white . you know got to get it lighter . and i put in a little blue . what happens is , the red sucks up all the colors in the light spectrum except red . then you 've got this on top , and it 's going to respond more blue . on the blue where every color but blue is being sucked up . then this responds differently . there is sort of no more blue , so it becomes more on the orange side . so weather it 's a dark or a light color , the fact that it 's a mixed color , when it 's next to something different . again i 'm going to move this down here . that 's the same color . but you would n't think it to look up here . so that 's the foot of the very basic idea behind color adjust position .
afmYCV5PDZA so another tip for about two weeks out which is a pretty good period of time to start thinking about using things that you have and not buying new things that you will just have to move . so for instance i just have a little bit of hand soap left , after this is gone i 'm going to replace it , instead of buying entire new thing of soap i am just going to use samples that i have or some little bars of soap that i was given as a gift but i have n't used just because i prefer the liquid soap but i 'm going to set my preference to the side for the sake of moving and use the little soaps so i do n't have to buy more . other things that you want to think about using up are toilet paper . i probably bought too much . i should have bought the four pack or the eight pack , but i was thinking more about how much it costs . so that is something that you want to get pretty close to using up just so that you do n't have extra stuff to move . obviously , you  re going to need to get that soon after you move . another thing that i used up a couple days ago is all the soap in my shower and i 'm using this body wash that i got as a sample some place and had n't used so i 'm just using that instead of getting something new that i 'm just going to have to move .
-0FA6OhxZSE david clemen : hi . i 'm david clemen on behalf of expert village , and today , we 're going to do an abstract painting on a larger scale on a piece of birch wood . alright , now that i 've plopped my white paint , i 'm going to pick up my favorite tool again . and i 'm just going to come in here and just kinda fill it out . and now , when you mix the red and white in big areas , if it 's too much red and you do n't move it fast enough , you 'll start to get pink so i want to try and keep the integrity of the white and i 'm just going to move that fast , and see how -- i do n't know if you can see it , but since the paint has kind of dried quickly on this paint on the wood , it 's already created a texture underneath of it . so , now , i 'm getting this texture of the paint underneath of it . so , i 'm just going to come in here and do these big squeegee marks and not going to go too crazy with it . and i 'm not trying to cover up all the red . i 'm just trying to get certain areas and show the white on the top of the red . and then , i can come in and i can actually just do almost like , i guess you would say it 's like almost a karate chop or samurai swing to the right or left . i 'm left-handed but i played sports with right , so i do squeegee with the right hand . and so , that 's squeegeeing the second color .
auJNGmZeFV4 now , what makes this so great here is that i can take this sandpaper and it will , as this is going this way , the sandpaper 's going to go across , so any little bit of a ridge i have here or here will sand off in a second . we 've got the power behind the drill here , and it works very well for this . you got ta be careful on a detail like this though . you do n't want to sand right on top of it or that nice round bead 's going to end up very flat on top , so i 'm going to sand up to it , and then i 'm going to come in this direction and sand up to it here . i 'm mainly sanding this area here because this is where my chuck hits , and i need to turn this stuff off later , so i 'm just finishing this bottom 2/3 of the bowl . leave this alone . i 'm going to come right up to that bead , so i 'm using the bottom edge . okay , for this side i need to come in . i 'm going to reverse the drill , and i 'm going to come in this direction and work that , again being careful i do n't hit that bead . now , make sure on your first grit-i 've got 100 grit or you could even use 80-but the first grit 's going to do all the work . that 's where you get all your imperfections out . the other grits are just going to be a quick hit to remove the scratches that the previous grit left , so go ahead and work through that range of disks . i 'll sand the bead by hand , just a little hand sandpaper in there to sand the bead .
3z0EqhxObRQ okay , we have a few more materials we 're going to cover real quick for changing our oil . things that are really handy , funnels . really make the job a lot easier whenever you want to put your oil into you car . obviously less mess because you 're not trying to guess . anyway , just a lot easier to use a funnel if you can , if possible . what i like to use when i 'm changing , are these chocks . and what they do is they sit , one sits in the front of your tire and the other one sits behind your tire . and so if you have four , you can just chock the back tires . that usually does the job . what they do is they keep your vehicle from rolling . obviously you want to take very , very strong precautions when you 're working under your car . you do n't want it to roll so make sure you put your parking brake on if that 's an option . these chocks will also be really , really good to have and keep you safe hopefully . and the last thing i 'm going to talk about are this is a socket set . it 's nice to have , mine 's kind of old and not very organized . but it 's really good to have . you 're going to need something to take your drain plug out . it 's generally looks like a just like a nut , and you 're going to unscrew it and then you 're going to need to tighten it up again when you 're done . so make sure you get at least a basic set of sockets , or a wrench works too . and make sure you get the right size for your specific drain plug .
Ex7EnmKvMl4 so you want nice , smooth , beautiful arm movements for belly dance ? hi johanna krynytzky with hip expressions belly dance studio in st. petersburg , florida . let 's work on exercising our arms for belly dance . there 's a very simple exercise you can do that will help strengthen your arms . of course if you want to resort to push-ups , pull ups those are great too . but this will work on our isolation . so what you want to do is stand with your arms out to the side , shoulder blades down your back . and then from here , we 're going to just work on rotating our arms facing up and rotate them facing down . up and then down . so as the arm the palm comes up , notice your elbow points towards the floor . as the hand comes down and faces back , notice the elbow will point back or even a little bit up . you want to get as much rotation as you possibly can . and then try it with your palm facing down , rotate just your elbow . now as you do this , make sure you pull your shoulder blade down the back so that you 're pulling down here and getting this rotation stabilizing the hand . this is going to help break up all the joints in your arm and strengthen them so that you get nice , smooth arm movements . i 'm johanna krynytzky with hip expressions belly dance studio helping prepare your body for belly dance .
CgcjAx4I9hE hi my name is mike quebec and today 's subject is how to increase your bench max . so you have been exercising for awhile , you 've been doing your bench presses with a certain amount of weight and it 's become very , very easy , almost effortless . so now is the time to increase your bench max . it 's a good idea to do it in a reasonably low increments for safety . and of course if you have a partner that 's definitely recommended for spotting . so i 've got two twenty five pound weights on this bar so , i want to increase it a little bit . i 'm going to add ten pounds on each side . so i 'm going to take my two ten pound weights and put them on . now here is the basic strategy , at the weight before the new weights were on i can do twelve easily so now i 'm going to attempt to do twelve with the added weight . of course i 'm going to do it with a partner spotting me . however , much i can handle with that , that will be my , that will be my exercise routine for the next couple of weeks . and then as i can increase more , let  s say i can handle five , i shoot for twelve but i can handle five . ok five at this weight and then the following week or the following two weeks i 'll go for six until i can build up to twelve reps. when i can do twelve reps at this weight , relatively easy , then i 'm going to go ahead and increase it in the same amount of increments . now we 've increased the weight , so , and i have a partner for safety purposes standing right behind me ready to spot . so i 'm going to attempt to do twelve at the heavier weight and if i do twelve great , if i do twelve and it 's too easy we increase the weight . if i do twelve and it 's just barely able to do it you keep it there . or if i do , i ca n't make twelve and i can only do five or six , we keep it at that weight and we keep it at six reps for a couple of weeks . and then we increase the number of reps , repetitions . until i can reach twelve . so i 'm going to go ahead and do this . my partner big is got his hands right in between , right in the middle of the bar , i should say right in the middle of the bar . i 've got my hands at shoulder width . we 're both going to count to three , one , two , three and then we both lift at the same time , he 's right there until i 'm sure that i 've got it . i take a deep breath in and i breathe out . remember it 's up and slightly back . up and slightly back , up and slightly back and then he 's got it back at whatever number of reps that would be . and we guide it back to the rack safely . whatever number reps that will be , that 's where i 'm going to gage my exercise routine for the next couple of weeks until i can safely and easily perform the exercise , perform the bench press at this new weight before i can increase it . and that is how you up your bench press weights or your bench max .
EjiVX4Ngvhw in this clip on creating your own music teaching business , i 'm going to talk about how often to schedule your lessons with students . the typical way we schedule lessons is every week , and that really works for most people , but if you 're a stickler for that i think you 're going to lose some business . especially when it comes to adult students . i mean , let 's face it , adults lives are hurried and hectic , and they 're not going to always be available for monday night every monday night , so what i personally do is i am very flexible and very laissez fair about it . i really say , you know i , you know i do n't want to guilt trip them into coming . i say its best if you come every week , but if you can only afford to come twice a month , that 's fine . if you need to schedule it on a weekly basis , that 's fine . i 'm very open about it , because the way i feel is that if you are a good teacher , good things will come to you , and you do n't need to you know , guilt trip your students into coming every week . having said that , i always encourage them , the more you come , the more you practice , of course the better you will excel and your morale will be higher . now , with children , usually their parents are very happy to have it on a weekly basis . so that 's a no brainer , but be flexible when it comes to adults .
eRl4OzmDfGA this is financial adviser patrick munro . we 're going to talk about tax sheltered annuities . what are they ? can you be sheltered from taxes ? the only vehicle that you really can be sheltered from taxes is a annuity product that is qualified . the word is qualified versus non-qualified . if it 's qualified that means that the government allows you to put money into your annuity and not pay taxes on the growth inside the annuity . therefore the name , tax sheltered annuity . this works in your favor when you 're young because you have more time to put money into the financial instrument . and then once you receive , get to the age of retirement and you start to take money out of the annuity , then you have to pay taxes on it . there is a time when if you were of an older age and you did n't ever want to take money out of the annuity , the government shows up and they make you take money out and therefore , have to pay taxes . that 's called required minimum distribution . rmd . when you 've hit 70 1/2 . well , by that time , you want to be fully retired and enjoying your retirement life . and so tax sheltered annuity is the way to go to accumulate your money . and once you get to age 70 1/2 , the government will then force you to spend down some of it so that they can get the taxes that they have been so generous in allowing you not to have to pay over the years . that 's the benefit of tax sheltered annuities . i 'm financial adviser patrick munro .
auMrSfKLIwA in this series , i 'm going to be introducing just a whole lot of random tricks , for both balls and for clubs . now , tricks can vary a lot in difficulty . they can be anywhere from something pretty trivial that looks cool to something that 's really hard and takes a significant amount of practice just to be able to pull off half the time . so i 'm going to preface each video by just saying how hard it is and what 's hard about it , before i actually show you the trick . so , if you 're at a certain level , like a medium level with balls , you might want to only concentrate on the easier tricks and leave the harder tricks for next month , after you 've practiced some more , something like that . i think we 're going to go everything from three ball tricks , a few four ball tricks , quite a few three club tricks , and a few just random things in there as well . these are all a lot of fun . i really recommend learning them all . just mixing them up , putting them into a pattern , putting them into a routine , can be a lot of fun . and none of these require all too much practice . like these are all things you can learn over the course of a week with a little bit of practice , or less -- significantly less for a lot of them . but just put the time in , learn these tricks , and you can learn how to string them together and make a routine .
EF4dlnqkJ3w so we 're going to start with , how to slip or dodge a punch . as you know for fighting , sparring , any situation defending yourself . there maybe that the person is hitting you back . so how do you get away from that . well , you 've got to learn how to slip . so again , you have to start with the staggered stance . so you have balance . make sure you have the hip width apart , same position that you set up for a punch . hands are always up . the most common mistake people make , slipping , is they look at the floor as they go down . o.k . if you look at the floor and you come up , you do n't know what 's waiting for you , as you come up . so anytime , somebody 's throwing a punch at you . and you 're trying to get away from it . you want to still keep your eyes on your opponent as you 're going underneath that punch . o.k. , so pretend just straight punch is coming at you . you want to go underneath it . at the same time protect your face and your rib cage . you just went from right to left . and we just went underneath that punch , making half a circle . so one more time , step over and under . and come up on the other side . o.k . make sure you do n't look at the floor , this whole time . and that your hands stay up . keep your eyes on your opponent the whole time you 're moving underneath that arm , or that punch , to make sure you know , what 's coming at you . the second you get up from that slip . now you can do two of them . o.k . you can slip underneath . if another punch is coming . or moving back . o.k. , so that 's two slips . one and two . get ready to throw a punch . right after you come out of that slip . next , we 're going to work on simple combinations starting with jab cross .
asnjOLvpsoQ to become a psychologist , you first need to major in usually psychology in your under graduate career . the under graduate is a four year course study that you 'd do in a college or university . after completing your bachelor 's degree in psychology . before you can become a practicing psychologist . you need to go to graduate school . to do this you first must take the graduate entrance exam or the gre . and apply to psychology programs . psychology is a , the doctorate program in psychology is a four year course of study . and upon completion , you would obtain the degree of phd . there are different areas of psychology . there 's research psychology , there 's chronicle psychology . and depending on what it is , you wish to do . will determine your course of study . but let 's focus on chronicle psychologist . as that 's what , you 're most familiar with . a chronicle psychologist is a person who engages in therapy with patients . to help them with emotional problems . it should be noted that a psychologist is different than a psychiatrist . psychiatrist is a medical specialty and requires a medical degree . psychiatrist are allowed to prescribe medicines . and typically do not focus on therapy . psychologists are not allowed to prescribe medicines . and really focus primarily on therapy , with the patients . once you 've completed your graduate training on psychology . typically , there are some period of internship . in which you 'll work with practicing psychologists . under their supervision , you learn your clinical skills . and will be ready to take the state license exam . once you 've taken the state license exam and passed successfully . you 'll be ready to practice independently , as a psychologist .
3ZaQchyLYs4 hi this is sean hobson for expert village . we 're talking about playing good cornerback and what we try to show all of our cornerbacks is to use the sideline as an extra defender . obviously , if the receiver runs to the sideline , or past the sideline , and the quarterback has to throw and he catches it , it 's going to be an incomplete catch because he is out of bounds . this also sometimes will completely take the quarterback out of throwing this pass because he does not want to throw it to the sideline . or it 's going to cause the quarterback to throw it out of bounds because you forced the receiver to the sideline . so when lining up , i always want to kind of slant my body this way , so his first movement is going to be to the side . now , i also can not start my back pedal straight back down the field , because if i do , he 's just going to run straight this way . so what i need to do is i need to take my back pedals in this direction . now what it is doing is it is causing this guy to get closer and closer to the sideline . and as i then start to run i 'm going to run right with him on his inside shoulder and automatically what he is trying to do is , he is going to try and get away from me . he 's not going to try to run through me , he 's going to try to run away from me . so he is just going to continue to run in this direction , i 'm going to continue to force him this way , then once the pass is made , he 's here at the sideline and most of the time he 's going to catch it and it 's going to be an incomplete pass because we 're already at the sideline . now one thing you can do is use that sideline , it 's there and it 's an instant defender because if they go past it it 's going to be an incomplete pass . so use what you have got on the field .
aDDYrthLycA another common problem that people have is understanding how the valves in your tires work . most mountain bikes is called a presta valve is much different from the valve you probably had on your own bike or you have on your car . there 's a little nut that i 'm unscrew in right now which is basically that controls whether or not there 's you know air comes into or out of the tire . so pressing that let 's air out and when you put a pump on it it takes you to a head let 's you put air in . so as you can when i close this back up i push on it no air comes out so it 's a pretty you know , ingenious little head it does n't need a valve cap it does n't get infected by mud or moisture anything like that . and for higher pressure applications like you have on a bike for say a car tire it a little bit more inefficient to transfer air into it . so i 'm going to show you how to put air into this using a floor pump which you should have there really nice for inflating your tires for your ride at home stuff like that . so i 've undone the nut , got my pump you can tell it 's set up for the presta valve or the schrader valve , i got presta valve for the valves on this bike . so the orphus here is smaller and most pumps you can take them apart pull them around , switch them around or they sell adapters that allow you to use a standard schrader pump with any presta tube it just screws on . so i got my wheel going to put it down on the sides so it does n't go any where , going to take the pump head , press it down onto the tire , pull the lever to lock and going to inflate it . you always want to make sure is n't to little air in you tires , if there 's to little air your likely to get a flat when the tire tube presses down a rock , root or puncture and to much air your just going to bounce everywhere . so an ideal place to start is around 45 psi , you can go you know 10 psi either way depending on your tires and the train that your riding in but a modern amount of pressure is a good place to start . i recommend getting a little digital gage it can really help you figure out what your doing or just ask experience riders in your location what kind of tires they prefer at what sort of pressure . and that should be able to give you a good idea of the appropriate tire pressure in the tire selection for where you live , so i got this all good and pumped up and i 'm going to put it back on my bike .
3dYW6At5aWA hi . in this segment we 're going to talk about another type of a foot brush . this one you actually do off the ground too but it 's with the counter clockwise spin . so the idea of this one it 's very similar to the lareb 's kick but it 's actually sitting on the ground instead . so it 'll be counter clockwise spin . i 'm going to have it spinning . i 'm going to get on the ground , i 'm going to set it up and i 'm going to kick the edge and it should go back up and come around over to ryan . timing is very important in this one so you get down on the ground and swing back . so timing is critical . so counter spin , okay , then go down to the ground , kick it over to ryan . try that one again . spinning it here , hitting the ground , kick it . one more time . spinning it here , bringing it down , kicking it . that 's the lareb 's ground catch .
5keDiIJZEwQ alright , so i 'm just smoothing out the surface of sherry 's under eye . i 'm going to do something that make up artists will do , especially when using darker shadows , is i 'm going to actually use a translucent powder underneath her eye , because we 're going to be adding those darker shadows , and i do n't want it to fall down , since we 've already used her concealer and her foundation . so , i 'm going to use a sponge , and this is going to look kind of funny , but it makes a really big difference . and i 'm actually going to take this powder and i 'm just going to put it right underneath her eye , we get a little fall down , oops . and what this is going to do is this is going to catch any of the darker shadow , so if we put that black shadow on her lid , and if any of it falls down , it 's going to get stuck right in to that powder , and when we 're done , it just wipes it away . so , this is a great little trick to do . now , you can put your foundation on first , or , excuse me , you can do your eyes first , foundation on after if you want , that 's a great way to do it , but i sometimes do n't like do to that , because i sometimes feel that , you know , you have to do your smoky eye underneath , and then when you 're done with your eyes , then you go in and do your skin , and you still have to put your concealer in there . and this is just the way i prefer to do it , so , this is a fun trick for you to do at home .
3QaF3sNOOi4 another simple comping movement we can do , goes with a rhythm called raas . which we 're also going to be going over in one of our later series . this is just kind of an easy skipping side to side motion . and it just involves . what you want to do is , just make sure you 're facing , you 're turning and facing your body . in the way that you 're skipping . so right , right . left , left . right , right . left , left . right , right . left , left . do that a few times to get used to shifting your weight . and kind of balance , that you want to have . while you 're doing that . and put a little hop in there , not too big . kind of an easy waving move , nasho aan . you can ad your arms , opposite arm , opposite foot . and the counting will go and one and two . and three and four . and one and two . and three and four . one more variation , we can do on that . if by stepping twice in one direction . so this one 's more of a walking move . again , you want to turn in face . and kind of , scoop your arms . and you put a little hop in there . right , left , right . hop and turn . left , right , left . hop and turn . this movement happens a lot , during what we call a baak . which is a specific rhythm that is played before the start of the sabar party or sabar dan . before they start the drumming proper . you 're just kind of , scooping . and it goes along with the rhythm . and it 's just a nice little variation to do .
e1XelBIjeKw the one thing that people might not think about very much , is changing your light bulbs before you leave . a lot of people nowadays are using these kind of fancy fluorescent bulbs in their regular light sockets just to save energy and to save money . and if the point is to save money , then you want to make sure and take them with you because they 're very expensive . so before i leave i 've just gone around , about a week before , it 's just something you can think about , start thinking about a week , two weeks out , so that you can go , you can count the light bulbs that you need to buy , and then you can buy just the plain old light bulbs and you can go ahead and take out of all your fluorescent bulbs and replace them with the regular bulbs . and something else just to be aware of is that these can be very toxic if you break them . so be very careful when you are removing them and when you 're packing them make sure you mark that box `` fragile '' and that they 're packed well with a lot of padding .
1ZU0GLcgAjQ this is anthony and we are going to talk today about tabletop photography , lighting tips . now one of the best types of strobe lighting i like to use for tabletop photography is a nice couple of big soft boxes . soft boxes are strobe units that have big white cloth box around them and i point them at 90 degree angles at my tabletop or some kind of angle and make the lighting interesting so that is one of the first lighting elements i like to use for tabletop photography . also iike to use natural light when i can if i have a diffused window pointed at my tabletop . now that is not always possible in the studio so i really enjoy using the soft boxes . the other type of lighting that i like to use is an underlight i call it and that is a tabletop that i can see through and i have a light that will come up from the bottom and again it really depends on what i am photographing . sometimes i will be photographing different types of scientific things that really need to look almost translucent where i c an almost build a layer of different types of whatever i am photographing so that back light or bottom light as i like to call it is very helpful . the other type of lighting or part of my lighting set up that i like to use is a monitor . when i am shooting digitally which is almost 90 % of the time in my tabletop photography the image that i shoot transfers right away to my monitor and i have a very big monitor so i can instantly see what my lighting looks like and it helps me adjusting and tweak and make my product or whatever i am photographing on the tabletop look the way i want it to look and those are some great tips on how to light tabletop photography .
D4ymNzoMecM now card boxes are a great way to give money or cards to send your wishes to the bride and groom . the card boxes that we have right now at zurckers are , just come , well it 's going to end up looking like this great cake here . but , they come in a , they 're a collapsible box that just comes apart , you can decorate it . they come plain white . you can decorate with whatever colors you want , whatever you 're using for your bridal shower or for the wedding . you can use these anywhere . we put some cute little initials up at the top just to make it personalized . you could probably , you know a bow , you can put anything you want on the card box . there are also square card boxes that look a lot like this that you could decorate however you want as well but they are a great way to give your best wishes to the bride and groom .
e4YpBdtUBaI okay we have done foot position , now i 'm going to talk a bit of arm positioning when you are shooting . a lot of people get their misconception when you shoot , you have to have to have this rigged arm and you can move and you have to be able to hold a thousand pound weight on the arm without it dropping . not necessarily so a lot of people see in the movies where they shoot you know a three-fifty-seven or a four caliber handgun it goes the arm goes flying . yes the bigger the weapon the larger the recall yes but it is nothing , it is over exaggerating in the movies is what i 'm trying to say . but you do want a good arm position okay and you do want a good hand position . when you are firing you know in your stance to fire when you draw your weapon and punch it out . okay your arm comes out such as so , slightly bent you do n't want to be straight armed like that . okay you want your arm slightly bent so there is some flexibility and from this point here if i need to disengage i can come to what is consider a low ready . okay and just pop it back up . a lot of people get into you know it is a lot from television where they believe that your arm has to be fully extended in order for your round to reach the target that is not necessarily at all . this weapon i can hold my weapon right here and still hit a target down range versus sticking it out here . i 'm more comfortable with it here because if i 'm in a situation no one can grab the end of my fire arm , i 'm not worry about it getting knocked out of my hand . plus the longer you stiff it out and hold it out the more fatigue you are going to feel which is probably going to effect your shoot . so arm positioning and hand positioning hands again when you are firing you want to wrap this hand around the other one . okay you want to marry those thumbs is what they call it meet the thumbs and marry them . right on the side of the weapon okay . so it looks like this from this side finger always on the side of the frame until i 'm ready to fire and with this hand three fingers naturally wrapped around the grip , thumb fall naturally into place . all i 'm doing is wrapping these fingers around those three and marrying those thumbs together where my thumbs meet . okay and that would be my stance but again i 'm not out here like this , i got a slight bent to retract back and forth if i need to . so that would be arm and hand positioning .
E84VS2M1SLk the next thing i 'm going to show you how to fit , is a martingale collar . what this is , is it 's a regular collar , but it tightens , so the dog 's head ca n't slip out . this was made for the greyhounds , and their heads are smaller than the rest of their body , so they needed something , to where their heads would n't slip out , so what we want to do , is slide it over our dog 's head . make it big enough . once you get it on there , you want to tighten it up , and depending on the brand you have , they all tighten different ways . if you 're going to walk your dog with one of these , you want to tighten it enough , to where you 're getting it on the base of the skull . any time you 're walking your dog , it needs to be to where it sits on the base of the skull , kind of like you 're walking a show dog . that way , it keeps the head going , and it moves him around , in the right direction . usually when my dogs are at home , i loosen it up . keep it comfortable for them , and let it hang , like a normal collar would . it just hooks right to there , and what it does , is when you pull it , if he was to back up , he ca n't back out of it . it tightens up , just around the base of his neck , so it 's a little bit safer for the dogs , who what i like to call , put on the brakes , so you do n't see the leash and collar , and no dog . that 's what the purpose of these collars are .
3hYriXqMCuk hitman blood money is a registered trademark of i o interactive , a company with which i have no affiliation . so now the thing in the kitchen is poisoned and the drink in the globe is also poisoned . so the next time those guys go in there to have a drink , each of them will die . so now would be a good time to save the game just to make sure that we do n't have to do everything over again if something goes wrong from here on out . now the next one 's a little bit tricky . we have a guy who is occasionally working out here in this gym area . and a good way to get him is to wait until he goes to the bench press and then to drop the weights on him after he 's finished his work out . but he only comes in here every once in a while , so we 're going to have to wait for him to show up . so we 'll just hang out in this room and get into position . and wait for the third gangster in the green robe to show up and then we will take him out with the barbell .
dmFkCpuTDBo okay , some of the simplest stained glass designs and probably you know , if you very , if you are starting out with your very first stained glass project you are probably going to want to do a design that is mainly a geometric design based on lines , on straight lines . so when i say that i mean like a very common element in a stained glass design is you know straight lines , you know squares , triangles , trapezoids , you know , parallelograms those kinds of shapes and so i am just sketching out with my sharpie marker , kind of an example , kind of a shape that is pretty common in a lot of stained glass windows . just kind of a square surrounded by a few trapezoids like this and you know a lot of these patterns will keep going but you know a lot of these geometric patterns are based on straight lines . okay , so i do n't know , maybe these would go into more rectangular pieces here or something and you can kind of keep going . okay , the reason for that is , that it is a lot easier to cut and break glass in straight lines , now that is not to say that you ca n't cut curved lines because you can but it is easier to cut glass in a straight line and to break it in a straight line . so that is why some of the easiest projects will have pieces that are shaped like rectangles or shaped like squares or diamonds , you know long pieces because these are really easy pieces to cut and break . okay , you can also cut curves , but the thing with curves is it takes a little bit more attention , a little bit more skill and they can be a lot more difficult to break that piece of glass out and we will talk a little bit about that . the basic rule of a curve is that the looser the curve or what i mean to say is that the larger the radius of the curve the easier it will be to cut and break that piece than a curve with a much smaller radius , right so the smaller the radius of that curve the harder it is going to be to cut . the second rule of curves is that it is much easier to cut what we call an outside curve than it is to say , you can cut a circular piece of glass and there is sort of a multi-piece technique you know that is kind of used to do that but it is a lot easier you know to cut a piece of glass you know where this is the piece of glass than cutting a piece of glass with what is called an inside curve . so let 's say that i wanted a piece of glass that is sort of shaped like this , this is a much harder piece of glass to cut because what you want is a smooth edge on the inside curve right , where as a piece of glass like this where you just want a kind of circle you can cut that circle but a lot of this glass is going to get broken away eventually with your grosing pliers and so , so anyway that is the basic concept of lines versus curves , the more lines you have the easier your glass cutting and breaking will be , curves are possible but you know , larger kind of radius curves are going to be easier to cut and break than small radius curves or kind of big sweeping curves , i mean in fact some curves are impossible we will talk about that later . and when you do cut curves , it is easier to cut kind of outside curve , that is to say you know if this is the piece of glass here , you know it will be easier to cut and prepare this curve here than it will be to cut this curve here because this is the outside curve , the glass is curving to the outside , but when the glass is curving to the inside it is a little more difficult , it can still be done but , so that is kind of the basic theory of curve versus line .
2tjJiW9fU3Y good morning , can we set up a meeting for later today ? that would be great , how about noon ? i have vivid memories of that . virtually any ceo you talk to will have one or more of the sort of hardest days they have ever had where everything was at risk . my particular one was where we lost a major client that was in fact almost 70 % of our business and i had to go in and pull my employees together in a room and i had to fire half of them in one sweep . so that is a major sort of an issue but recognizing that your obligation certainly is to honor all the people that work for you and treat them fairly but your obligation is to the firm and you have got to keep , if the boat sinks everyone drowns so that was probably my very toughest day . the best part of that was that we survived and about half of those people within a year were back working with me again . some of them had gone on to other jobs but they loved the work , they loved the people they worked with and it was a great opportunity for them to come back . so surviving is the great victory and facing that tough day when you have to make those tough decisions to let half your company go , that 's tough . i will remember that until the day i die . i will tell you one of them for me that was a personal struggle and it was that you had a certain way you wanted things to be done and then how to get your company , your organization , and your employees to do those and it was drawing a line between not being satisfied if they did n't do it the way i would do it versus letting them do it their way and coaching them and developing them . that was probably the toughest thing where you can get way too full of yourself and really manage the small things well , you can get hung up on the small things and how people do without recognizing sort of that really the big thing is getting the job accomplished and what they learned from it and how they can do it in their own way .
cNYM6tFTLEI mike lopez : hi . i 'm mike with expert village , and now we 're going to discuss what happens when your movement finds you moving into one , or when you end up with your last landing on a space that is occupied by a water tile . now , water tiles are these blue tiles here and they 're half the space of your normal tile which is how you know they are water tiles . also , the color helps , and over here we have our marro drone guys , and they had a movement range of 6. now , as we see , this guy here , can move , one , two , three spaces . however , he finds himself in the water , what does this mean is that all movement that he had done is done for the turn , because when you move into water , you have to come to a stop . you come to a halt , no matter how many moves you have left ; you could have infinite moves left and still not be able to move out of the water , because the water standing rule is that when you enter water , then you have to stop . it is the same as if you land on the water at the end of turn . so , whether that 's on your first tile of movement , or your six tile of movement , or your third tile of movement , you still have to stop when you reach , or you land on the water .
e9UWZ3kkA7Y some people say the number one enemy to a fly fisher is wind . it 's not really , but for this demonstration , we will cover wind . so , when the wind is coming towards you , you want to get underneath the wind , so now i will demonstrate that for you , o.k . we do that mainly with the body and dropping the rod . up , now see how we get underneath . we go low to the ground . by doing that , we cut underneath the wind . o.k , in relationship to the wind coming from your back , we just covered what if the wind is coming to your face . o.k , we 're going to use the same analogy , now , except now , it 's going to be in reverse . this time to beat the wind coming against our back , we need to go low in our back cast , come up , and then go down in our forward cast . so , it 's low , come up and make your regular conventional cast because essentially , the wind is going to carry it through . i 'll demonstrate with my hand , lift , flip up , and make the cast . this is essentially called an elliptical or circular cast . see the elliptical motion of the hand ? underneath the wind , and stop and make your forward cast . now , i 'll demonstrate . low , there 's our cast . see how the rod goes low ? and , we make our perfect stop . the wind is going to carry our forward cast . so , it 's , and that 's how we are able to fish in all types of wind . you will be a good fly fisher .
cTyovZKYCtE now let 's talk about the baseline . you do n't want it too loud , but you do n't want it too low either . a lot of times in a rap song , people like to feel the baseline of the song . what you want to do is listen the kick ; if you have a kick that 's really long and drawn out , you do n't want to mix the baseline too loud . if you have a quick , punch kick and it 's not really a long drawn out base kick , then you can turn up the base a little bit more and kind of feel the baseline with the kick . you want to have your kick , then your snare , and finally your baseline . sometimes , you do flip it up amongst the three of them . overall , you want to mix your baseline around the same time as your kick to get the base feel of the song out of there . i will show you a little example . i have a high hat and i also have a snare in here ; then i have the baseline . the baseline is like underneath that snare and it 's louder than the high hat . people can hear it in their cars . the thing they are going to hear is that kick and the baseline when they have really big songs . you want to fool with it ; turn it up and turn it down . you want to eq the baseline and put a little extra baseline in it . just fool around with it and then you will get a really good sound with baseline , kick and snare . it will sound really good .
1c9hnVZvojI it 's important when adopting a pet to consider your children . hi , i 'm nancy with the utopia animal rescue ranch . children need to , should , children should go along for the adoption so that they know the animal as well as you do . and the animal feels comfortable around them and the children feel comfortable around them . they also need to be old enough to know the rules about owning a pet . about no biting , or kicking or pulling tails and things like that . it 's very important . when adopting a dog , it 's very important for the parents to play close attention to the children and the dog , to see how they 're interacting.i 'm nancy with the utopia animal rescue ranch .
bJxcHNyUPW8 on behalf of expertvillage.com my name is ray boone and i run the ray boone golf academy at the beautiful miami beach academy golf club . today i 'd like to present to you the topic of the over the top golf swing . in a continuation of what the body and the legs do in the golf swing , i 'm going to show you from a different angle . again , we 're up to the top , the hips are initiating , the legs are initiating , you 'll see the knee shuttling to the left , the right foot is rolling inward and the left hip is starting to clear up and around as we come from the inside . so we 're hitting the inside of the golf ball , the left hip is climbing up and around , the right knee is driving in and our body is going to eventually clear completely around in the swing . if we swing only arms only , which is what most people do , their arms , their body 's are stiff and tight . again , they 're outside , they 're over the top , they 're cutting across the ball , they 're slicing it and they ca n't figure it out , so what they do is just aim . they 'll start aiming more and more to the right to try to correct it , they come over the top even more .
Fj9axXBaedA mike lopez : hi . i 'm mike with expert village , and now that we 've discussed our first step of choosing or strategies of choosing who to move , or whom to move , then we are actually going to select our marro drones for movement . now , once again , this squad each has a movement of six , so what you want to do is move towards your opponent in this strategic manner , or a strategically offensive manner , and try to keep this group together . so , you 'll move this one , one , two , three , and then , we go to move this one , one , two , three , four , and then you move the guy in the rear , one , two , three , four , five . now , once again , notice that since you staggered the movement of these creatures , they are now all still together and are still in a formation that is conducive for attacking . now , if you 're going to not move them in that formation , you would want to have either one behind , or one ahead to maximize range of one creature , or setting up a trap for your opponent .
BRFUERFH9_4 ok , now that you 've made your bow for on your wreath , with the wire that you have made the bow with , take it and wrap it around the entire wreath and knot it , so that it 's attached and that it 's good and solid . then , if you want to take , you have your tails , you can keep longer tails on your wreath , you can take the extra ribbon if you would like to , if you want more tails on it , just take and tie them right around the wreath itself . ok , and then you could also take and wrap it up around if you want to carry it throughout . couple of ways of finishing a wreath , one is the ends you fold it in half and if you cut it once , you 've got a nice v point . the other way of doing it is if you just want to keep and cut it at an angle . other things you could do is take and tie a knot in it , add some interest to it , then curve around your finger , if you 'd like it to be nice and spirally , spirally looking . you can just work it yourself through your hands and it 'll , you 're able to create that shape that you want in your wreath , in your ribbon because of the wire on the outer edges . so , there 's other ways of doing it , other than just attaching it and slopping a bow up onto the wreath . seriously think about it . this will give you a lot of movement in your wreath and interest as you go past it . so , the next part is attaching your bow and really thinking about it as a piece of busy , important element of your wreath .
aiLPA1Wx_eg so in this video we are going to be talking about one of the most basic steps in how you start getting a feel for scratching or just conceptually how you can think of a sample on the record . so here i have some stickers . these are regular circular yard sale stickers that you use to mark up products at a yard sale or tagging anything . they cost about $ 1 for 200 of them . they are very very cheap and the reason you buy these is if you notice on the record right here i put one of the stickers on the inside label . it is very very important for getting an understanding of where the sample is . so if you look , it is about , if you think about this like a clock face , it is at about six o'clock and that six o'clock is the ah sample and you can think of it just like a clock face . like the sample starts here and right here there is no sound but right here there is sound and the sample goes to about there . so this is just one way you can start visually thinking of samples on the record and once you get into more detailed thoughts about samples or a whole beat then you can start finding different spots on the record to think about for using your samples .
CfKyoCsaFmA here 's a way to lighten blemishes or freckles using nothing more than natural products , such as lemon oil , coconut oil , or carrot juice . i 'm jackie , with how to lighten blemishes . the first step is to cleanse the area with a product formulated for your skin type and pat dry . lemon oil is an astringent and detoxifying agent , so it 's good for blemishes associated with oily skin . to make a lemon skin brightener , combine three drops of lemon oil , three drops of lavender oil , and one tablespoon of distilled water . use a cotton ball to massage it into your skin after cleansing , and follow up with moisturizer . make sure to avoid your eyes . wait 24 hours before repeating it . or you can rub in some coconut oil before going to bed . note that coconut oil can stain , so let it absorb fully . wash well in the morning , and repeat for fifteen days . or , you can apply carrot juice to your skin for fifteen minutes a day for fifteen days , which will clear blemished skin . always check with your doctor before trying any home remedies . remember , to lighten blemishes , try lemon oil or coconut oil , or even carrot juice . i 'm jackie with lighten blemishes . have a beautiful day .
01m9yM04RwY okay , the drink we 're about to make is called emerald isle cocktail . and this is going to be served as a martini , up , with no ice . so if you get your martini glass ready with some water and ice in it , let that sit for about thirty seconds , and it 'll be nice and chilled when you 're ready to serve . all right , measure out two ounces of gin . there we go . and follow that up with a half a shot of green creme de menthe . and last we will add three dashes of bitters . there 's one , two , and three . now , let 's mix this up real well . get it nice and cold . since we 're serving it up , want to make sure you shake it very well before you pour . and that 'll do it . go ahead and grab your glass . and strainer . and pour it in . got a nice , pretty green color . there we go . that 'll do it . emerald isle cocktail . bottoms up .
30XMhnaE3-A if you 've rented a truck then there 's some tips for , that you want to think about when you are , when you are packing the truck . one thing that you can think about is you can pack things in the cabin or the truck as well , and that 's someplace that you can pack the things where , the same kinds of things that we talked about , packing in your vehicle or your car . but , in the back of the truck , some tips are to put in all your big furniture first , and put it back in the back of the truck . so start in the back and move forward and kind of work things like a puzzle , as you go . you also want to think about as you put in tables and things like that , either putting them on their side , or on , turning them upside down . if you turn them upside down , you 'll probably want to put some kind of padding underneath them , just so they do n't get scratched , if that 's important to you . but , but that helps with stability and it also actually helps with space because then you can pack things on top of , on top of the table . so , you want to do the same thing with things with rollers . you do n't want to , them just rolling around the back willy nilly . so , you 'll put them on their side , or turn them upside down , or some things have rollers that you can actually take off . but those are some things that you want to think about as you are packing the truck .
1xKU91ggLeI have you woken up the next day , pounding headache , dry mouth , realized it may have been the amount of drink you had last night ? well , i 'm here to tell you about what is the best vodka to end up without a hangover . how are you ? my name is jeff klein and i 'm a vodka connoisseur and bartender here at beak 's old florida in st. petersburg . now for me the importance of the best vodka is going to be absolut . that 's going to be your best vodka for no hangover for many reasons . one , it 's a premium vodka . so you 're not getting any type of impurities in there . two , the best way not to get a hangover is to cut out the sugar while you 're drinking . one of the biggest things that leads to hangover is when your mixing your vodka with orange juice , soda , red bull , all of those sugars are going to dehydrate you and really that 's what lands to your hangover . the next thing about absolut is , you could drink a vodka water with absolut because absolut has a distinctive , slight sweetness at the very end of it . so that and water , you still get a little sweetness in your drink without having to mix it with any of those dangerous sugars that are going to laid to you being dehydrated the next day . so best way to keep drinking all night and not going to hangover the next day , stick with absolut and stick with it and on water . my name is jeff klein and bartender and vodka connoisseur here at beak 's old florida and that is the best vodka for no hangover .
5PJgBd1lKyw now let 's talk about the student who complains that the text is too expensive . and i 'll give them that . text books today are extremely expensive , insanely expensive . first of all , encourage them to buy the book and to keep the book as a reference guide from here on out . show them the value of the material in the book , the worthiness of keeping the book , looking at it as an investment for future resource or referral back to your course . we 've already talked to the student about how they 're going to benefit , they 're going to find the benefits in real life and other courses from your course . do the same thing with the text book . find all the good reasons why the text book is good and worthy and then encourage the students to buy it and keep it . they 'll have it for a life time of reference .
aiD3IurbtAE hello , my name is rebecca herrick i 'm a licensed massage therapist in wilmington , north carolina , and i 'm here to tell you how to give a pet massage . because there 's so many different kinds of pets that we have , it 's hard to narrow down exactly how to do it for each one . one thing that is universal is that you are always going to want to relax your pet and offer them nurturing loving touch . it really helps to calm them if you have a pet who maybe is a little bit neurotic or gets stressed out easily then massage is a great option for that . also , another popular pet massage to give would be on horses . equine massage is very popular in the world today and offers many therapeutic benefits to the horses whether they 're racing or whether they 're just for pleasure riding . so it offers a lot of therapeutic uses in that case as well . so just as though are pets are covered with fur and or hair and everything like that , they have muscles just like we do . they collect toxins in their muscles just like we do , and their muscles get fatigued just like ours do . so , if you 're dog has had a long day of running outside , his leg muscles may be just as tired as yours would be after running around all day long . so , when you 're going to give your massage to your pet , focus on the muscles just like you would if you were giving a human a massage . focus on increasing that circulation towards the heart . focus on addressing areas that you think are more fatigued than others and your pet will really thank you for it . and that would be how you give a pet massage .
_ezyHEfB1nc hi my name is john king for expert village i 'm one of the chef here at benson 's vinaigrettes in lansing , michigan . okay our no bakes has been in the refrigerator for 45 minutes , we had to have around the clock security and make sure no body got into them while they are out there . i know you probably have that same problem in your house the kids or husband or whatever maybe trying to get to them . it is very importantly that you leave them in for that long . as you can see they firmed up nicely and they are ready to serve .
dxPrmLBt21Q john sexton : hi , i 'm john sexton on behalf of expert village . today , we 're going to be learning how to play portal , a game by valve software , a company with which i have no affiliation . so we set a portal up there and one right here to allow ourselves to get back up there , and then we can -- be careful not to get hit by a power ball if one is bouncing . and it seems to be safe . whenever we activated that first power ball receptacle , it was actually the second power ball dispenser which was shut down . so even though we used the power ball from the first dispenser to activate that receptacle , this one is still dispensing balls . so we need to put the blue portal right back in the same spot where we had it the first time , and the power ball will come through and we need to make a new exit for it . so we go back down to the open area and see that there is a platform jutting out from the wall here , right across from this series of doors . so if we make the exit for the portal there , we can then crouch . and it 's important to crouch ; otherwise , you 'll get hit by the ball . we can crouch on this pressure plate . you could hold the doors open and watch it go through . so now that power receptacle has been activated , we can go and pick up our companion cube and take it with us to the end of the test chamber .
2N20JDU14CQ a really important quality for a coil to have , or a rope storage method to have is that it does n't put too much strain on the rope . of course , this does n't really just as long as you do n't tighten these down too batten . and also that it be easy to undo and the rope does n't get tangled as it sits there . also , when you store rope you want to make sure to keep it kind of enclosed . you do n't really want it out to where dust can get to it , you really do n't want it outside , you want it inside in a closet maybe in a rope bag , depending on the importance of the rope . so , in the case of this chain here , all you need to do to undo the chain , or unzip the chain , is pass the end of the rope back through the part that you ended it with and you can see you have this loop , and you just pull it through , and that 's how you undo your chain .
2FaujstL3_0 so , now we 're going to talk a little bit about glazing your pots . once your pieces have dried and been fired through the bisque , if they 're brown clay , they 're going to look a little bit like this . they 're going to be hard enough to work with but they are still a little bit porous . they have n't undergone complete vitrification which is when the silica melts into a glass and causes the piece to become impermeable . now this is important that your bisque be permeable because it 's going to need to absorb the glaze . now , what glaze is , is it 's just a combination of minerals suspended in water . i make my own . you can buy commercial glazes as well . but to make your own glazes , you just have recipes , just like in your kitchen , that say what goes into your glaze . and this one , for example , it 's go some calin , some feldspar , some calcium carbonate , some silica , etcetera . and then you 're going to have your colorants as well . now , once this glaze , it turns to a powder when it dries . when you send it through the glaze firing , it 's actually going to melt into a glass on the surface of your pot . and it becomes impermeable , beautiful , glassy , glossy and very usable . but you do n't want it on the bottom of anything . so , were going to talk about how to wax . we 're going to talk about the things that you need in order to get ready to glaze .
1NEiPh5BCsU so right now we 're just going to go over the basic turn , which is going to be a turn to the left , and we 're going to get comfortable with that . so the way that your foot is going to move is , we 're going to start with the feet , and you want to pick up your left , in that kind of horse leg kick that we talked about , and you 're going to set it down , you 're going to use your right foot , and just kind of bounce off of it , to turn yourself all the way around . so we 'll just go over the feet a few times in a row , so you can get comfortable with the way that feels , and how you want to balance your body weight . again , this is very light , you do n't need to stomp on the ground , just lightly twist your feet up , and turn around ; left , right , right , left ; left , right , right left ; left , right , right left . once we add the arms , you 're just going to have them out , you 're palms can be facing in or out like we said before . it 's not like ballet , you do n't really need to keep your face facing forward the whole time , you can turn it around with your body , palms can be in . normally you would n't do this many in a row , because you would get dizzy , but for the purposes of practicing , there 's nothing wrong with that . so just keep in mind , the initial step with your leg , you want it to turn as much as possible , that little horse leg kick , before you turn . the more you can pick up your left leg and put it back down before you turn , that 's more aesthetically pleasing in sabar for the turn .
F9QxN806Uco now i want to make a really important point here . that is , man your own booth . when people come to your merch table , and they want to buy something , they do n't actually want to buy just your merchandise . they actually want to buy you . that sounds weird and all , and i know that the tendency , especially if you 're a performer , after you get done , you want to just go and hang out . you know , if you 're a guy , maybe you want to talk to all the girls that want to talk to you . we 'll get to that later . but , what you really want to do , is you want to make sure you come to your merchandise table and have those conversations at the merchandise table . at the time , it may seem like capitalism is on a rampage , all that stuff , but later on , when you 're wanting to eat a bowl of cereal and you go in the cupboard and you look and there 's no cereal in there , you 've got to buy that from somewhere . and its , and so people really are , they do want to support you . their money is actually going to help you to keep doing what you 're doing . and they actually are going to have a great time with the cd that they bought from you , or the t-shirt they bought from you . they 'll be able to tell everybody about their thing . they want to do that . so you want to make sure that you come to your booth , you 're very personal , you sell your own stuff . you make a relationship with them . people do n't expect this , when you do something that they do n't expect , it let 's them have a better experience than they planned for and they 're likely to go out and spread word of mouth , that in my case ; `` man , spoken groove is so cool , they hung out with us at the merch table afterwards , they sold us their own stuff . they did n't just have some person there . '' the other thing is , some person there , who 's sitting at your merch table , the first time they 've been there , they do n't know about your stuff , right . you know the most about how you recorded it , how you came up with the designs for the t-shirts , than anyone else . stand at your own merch table , you 'll be a much better salesman and the people that come and see your show are going to have a much better time .
aOfUAyRrOpU hi , there . if you suffer from headaches and are interested in how aromatherapy can help you , i can give you a couple of tips . i 'm sundae with natural sundae . now , aroma , aromatherapy is wonderful for helping reduce the pain and difficulties associated with headaches , and there are a couple of different ways you can use essential oils . the first way that you can recommend using them is through inhalation , and this could be used either through an air spray that you put water and essential oils in . this is a four ounce can and usually i would add four ounces of water , of course , and about maybe fifty to sixty drops of essential oil , and you just spray it into the air . you inhale those molecules , and then they start working naturally . the second way , very easy way you can use it is for a facial spritzer . this puts the molecules in the air the same way so you can inhale them . and also , actually the quickest and easiest way through inhalation is using an aroma therapy inhaler with oil right in here . you can just stick it right underneath your nasal passages and start inhaling those wonderful essential oils . now , essential oil that are best for headaches are the analgesics which take away pain ; peppermint , rosemary , even basil and chamomile . those are wonderful . the second ways you can make a massage oil with those oils in them . you want to use it on your neck and your shoulders since headaches usually travel from these placed up to your head . you can make an oil with a one ounce little jar of grape seed oil or jajoba oil which are very thin , gentle oils and put from six to twelve drops of essential oil . now , with this scented oil , like i said , you can rub it on your neck and shoulders and on all the places that you feel your headache tension like in your forehead and in your temples . so , those are two really quick and easy ways that you can get rid of headaches using aroma therapy . you can inhale them , and then you can apply them topically . i 'm sundae with natural sundae . take care guys .
2tDhKq0ouAE hi , this is jeremy , on behalf of expert village and i 'm going to continue to teach how to make the simple twisted sword . we have the handle already , what we need is the blade . most kids are not too happy if you hand them a handle . what you have to do is , you have to inflate a `` two sixty , '' you 're second `` two sixty , '' so that it is almost full , there 's about an inch on there . once you have it inflated and tied off , you 're going to go ahead and make sure that the end of both the balloons are flushed with one another . take the balloon , pull it up with your hand , whatever hand you 're not dominated with , whichever one you do n't twist as much with , hold the balloon , like so , in that hand . what we 're going to do is , we 're going to twist it around one another . so your dominate hand is going to go ahead and start twisting and as soon as it feels awkward , move your non-dominate hand down , so you can hold the twist together . you keep on moving down and as you go down , if you notice , this side is much longer , than this side . you can squeeze the balloon and actually make them so they are the same lengths . when you get down to the bottom , what you do is , you twist the two balloons together , to make sure they hold their shape . once you have that , you just need to attach it to the handle . in order to do that , we 're going to connect this part right here , with this part right here . so , what we 're going to do is , put those parts right next to one another , we 're going to pull this bubble out , right here and we 're going to go ahead and twist it around , inside of there . once you have that , you have a pretty good sword . if you want to make the blade a little bit stronger , you go ahead and you twist the blade around once more in there and it tightens the balloon , against itself and you have created a fairly simple , twisted sword .
3VvCH7S8psg how ya doin ' there ? this is simon bingham . we 're chillin ' at no comply skateboard shop in austin , texas . and i 'm going to tell you a little bit about why skateboarders should wear helmets . first of all , a helmet should be worn on , when riding , i 'd say , transitions that are over your head . and when you 're skateboarding on flat ground , it can ... they can tend to be a little bit overweight , and kind of mess you up a little bit , but definitely when you 're riding bigger ramps you should always wear a helmet because if you slip back , you can hit your head quite hard . and also coming from higher up , you have a chance of hitting your head a lot harder . another factor that plays in it is age . i think that if a kid is , you know , under eight years old and does n't have a lot of experience , no matter what they 're doing they should probably wear a helmet . and , but i would say , leaving it up to the parents to decide when their kid should wear a helmet .
bcdxSi2d0QA hi we 're doing the video for basic makeup here for film , television , everyday makeup and the first things we 're going to do is moisturize our model . i 'm using a very lightweight moisturizer , hydro pearls by gerda spillmann . i like using a lightweight moisturizer because it just blends into the skin , soaks in really quickly and it does n't really bring the makeup into the skin when you put it on and i just use a regular makeup sponge . put it all over , down the `` t-zone '' , a little bit on the eyelids and basically cover the face with the makeup , i mean with the moisturizer . once i know that 's on , i 'm going to go ahead and i 'm going to match amelia 's skin tone . we 're going to use the ko2 on amelia and i always like using a spatula and taking it out of the pallet and onto just a little makeup pallet here . that way i keep the makeup in my pallet nice and clean and i work right off of this other pallet . once i charge the brush , i mean the sponge , up i 'm going to go on amelia and just do a nice coverage .
CVcODznlCuI on behalf of expert village , my name is dan head . and , today we 're going to talk about how to self publish your own comic or graphic novel . when you 're talking about small press and independent press comics , they really run the gammit . personally , i review comics for paperback reader , and it might be just indies . so , i see kind of a large scale of things . now , you can get something like vox pop . which is , this is definitely the world of small press . but , this is somebody 's labor of love . i bought this in a local comic shop in albany . and , it 's great . it cost me a buck . you can get something like 'purity ' from dakuwaka . this is published quarterly , and it 's black and white . but , as you can see , they did n't skimp on the art . they got nice art to go with it . and then , you get your more professional indies like 'okko ' from asp , 'grunts ' from arkana , two of my favorites recently from my column . you 're going to see a lot out there . and , when you 're getting the word out , sending out review copies is a good way to do it .
5zfoIyXXfto say you 're in a drug store or a department store and you really , really want to find the perfect foundation and nobody is around to really assist you , here 's a good trick . always try to match on your jawline because you really do n't want to see any difference between your jawline and your neck area . i strongly recommend to take the product towards , maybe the window of the store or where you have a little bit more natural lighting . the harsh neon lighting in most department stores can really , really change the look or the actual color of your foundation . if you ca n't take a tester or take a little bit of the product towards the light , you can also grab the bottle , turn it around where you can see the label , and if it 's a see-through bottle , you can just hold it up against your face and also try to match that . so , i 'm going to demonstrate to you how this stripe test actually works . so here i 'm selecting three different colors that i think might work for sheena or might not , we 're going to see that right now . so i 'm going to paint one stripe . and then i 'm going to paint the second stripe , and then i 'm going to paint the third stripe . now the trick is to squench your eyes and let your vision get blurry . and then what happens is that the stripe that matches the most seamlessly disappears into sheena 's skin and that 's probably the shade that you should go with .
3p2NTSe8J6g in this segment we are going to talk about photographing art installations inside museums . now this museum is designed by tadao ando the famous japanese architect and it 's in fort worth texas . the museum of modern art in fort worth , texas . and the installation is by famed artist dan flavin who came to light , excuse the pun , in the nineteen sixties . and what dan flavin used to do is to hang these fluorescent lights and create these amazing patterns of color . and obviously you have to get permission from the museum to create a photograph like this and luckily i was shooting for american airlines at the time . i gained permission , put the camera on a tripod on a seventeen millimeter lens , did n't use any of my own lighting and allowed dan flavin art to fully flavor the photograph . now when you are photographing art installations it 's very important to honor the artist . the artist is dan flavin it 's not necessarily about you as the photographer . you have to record it in the best way possible and that is your job . but at all times you have to remember that the essence of the artist is what is critical here , to make a decent photograph inside a museum .
DVePynD8Dwg and , the next one is not necessarily a neckline . but , it 's called a neckline . there is no neckline . it 's a strapless neckline . and , obviously it 's very very simple to reproduce . but , again with this style just sit and look at it for a little bit . if you 're like , ok this is boring . look at it for a minute and think , it does n't have to end there . if you 're thinking , i do n't want to make another strapless tube dress . which , personally i have thought many a time . look at it and say , what can i combine on it ? you can combine like we just did , the slash neck . deep v it and you could have the tube top part of it the strapless part on the outside . strapless part on the inside . think , strapless does n't mean strapless . add straps to it . it does still retain it 's strapless neckline title . but , then you 're just embellishing beyond it .
d2EDm5L0qS8 okay , so when you are ready to actually step foot inside of a terrain park and venture out from the regular ski runs there are a few things that you want to keep in mind just because there are people doing tricks around you , there are people at different skill levels . first and foremost you want to have safety when doing tricks and when being in the terrain park . so when you are at the top of the terrain park and people are waiting to go you want to make sure that you respect that and not cut people off , not cheat people out of like , if they have been waiting there for a while let them drop first . do n't cruise up and then just go because it is kind of a respect system . they will look out for you if you look out for them . you also want to make sure when you are hitting jumps and doing rails that there is nobody in the landing when you are doing it . you can do this by either having a friend with you and having them spot the jump to make sure that the landings are clear or you can make sure that the person who went before you looks like they rode away and you will be able to see them after the jump to see if they actually did ride away . if you see someone go off of a jump and they do n't come back up again chances are they fell and they got hurt . so it is probably a good idea to check on them too so that someone and tell ski patrol if they actually are hurt and just so if you go off the jump and you are doing a trick or even if you are just hitting it it is really hard to stop yourself . actually it is impossible to stop yourself while you are in the air and you do n't want to hit people because it is just going to make so that they get more hurt than they already are and you get hurt as well . so proper terrain park etiquette and looking out for each other is really important when you are in the terrain park .
2YczN19dJZU hi i 'm dr. adrienne mulligan of camp verde veterinary clinic in arizona and i 'm here today to talk to you about major trauma with your dog and how you could help stabilize them a little bit on your way to the veterinarian and i 'm here on behalf of expertvillage.com . the best thing to have in your car at all times is a extra blanket and a towel . if a dog your dog or some other dog is hit by a car and is clearly still alive but ca n't get up what you want to do is you want to protect yourself and protect them from them selfs by throwing a blanket over them . now if it is a small dog a towel might do . you really want something like a large blanket . what you want to do is you approach the dog . you want to put the blanket on them and you could stand on either side of them so if they struggle like that that you got that you got them bundle up against any danger from there selfs . then you could often pick them up like that in the blanket and carry them to your car and get them to your car so you could take him to the vet . the other thing if you find it on the side of the road or anywhere else would be something like a stretcher . this is a real stretcher but obviously you probably wo n't have on of these in the car . a board , any kind of a board would do and if you have a dog that you trying to stabilize and so you get the leg onto the board . the thing is when you are trying to move them there are going to want to get up off the board so once they are laying on the board . down . down . down . there you go . good boy . good boy . there you go . good boy . i know this is fun . then you could cover them with the blanket and you will probably need help with this . then using the blanket around the board you wrap them against the board but again this is probably a 2-3 person job with a big dog . using a blanket to attach them to the board will help to secure them to carry them on the board to get to them where you need to go . so the main thing is to use a towel possibly a board to stabilize there body to be able to carry them and get them to the vet asap because there is nothing you could do to animal that is that badly injure at that point and time .
aLiDg7k38EU this is dave for expert village ; today we  re going to make shrimp and scallop fettucini with a side of garlic bread . alright , next step we  re going to have a can of these whole tomatoes and we  re going to strain these into a bowl and then we  re going to chop them up and put them into our mix . you can use fresh tomatoes as well ; i like these because they  re juicer right off the bat , and so they  re going to make a nice mix for your sauce . but you can use a strainer if you like , or if you have a china cap , right with this one i just have one of these type of strainers and i just like to pour the tomatoes right in , so that  s going to separate the juice . now you don  t have to get all the juice out for this , you want to have a lot of flavor , so this is going to add a lot of color also , just the juice that is left . so you take that over and set that aside , we  re go ahead and open up our tomatoes like this and pour them into the bowl . so see they still have some of the juice , so see how beautiful they are ? so go ahead and just take them out , just go ahead and chop them up into a fine dice , like these that are juicy , even with seeds in . it adds that extra flavor , extra texture , so we want to do this with a whole can and we  re going to be adding this to our veggies .
47kCTqoFrYs the next thing i 'm going to show you how to do is how to bounce tracks or bounce loops so that you can put them back into your track . now what i have here is i have a high pass filter on my loop . hi pass meaning only letting the highs pass . so i 'm basically blocking out all the low end of my track . what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to highlight what i want to loop . just maybe these couple bars and i 'm going to go to bounce . now when i go to bounce it 's going to bring up some options for me to bounce them down real time , off line and online . so i 'm going to do some dithering , make it a wav file sixteen bit sample at forty-four point one and the type is stereo interweave , not split . so it requires 1.7 mb of free disk space . what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to go into my desktop and save right on top of there . so i 'm putting new . it saved my file .
CmZIPHwE5xk im kelly on behalf of expert village im going to show you some tips and techniques i use when concealing dark circles under the eyes . so there are many different types of concealers that you can choose from . one thing you wan na take into consideration is the texture around your eye area whether you have a more mature or creepy eye exactly we 'll not gon na go with any concealer thats too heavy so i would recommend doing something like a really light weight liquid or something to that nature , no powder or heavy creams under the eye because thats going to have a more tendency to settle lines around the eye area . you also wan na take into consideration how much coverage you need whether you have alot of severe darkness around there or you if just need a little bit of brightening . so that all lead you into what type of concealer you wan na use as well . also if youre plague by more serious discolorations under the eye you may wan na take consideration the color corrective concealer . you can use like a yellow corrective base underneath your concealer to help to neutralize any blues and purples around the eye . if you have a lot of redness around the eye area , you can use a green base concealer or if you have a lot of blue or almost like a greenish , alot of people italians or mediterranean descent will have a lot of green around the eye , you can use a pink base concealer that will help neutralize out as well . so you definitely want to take into consideration what type of texture you have around the eye whether your skin is pretty smooth or you 're a little bit drier or a little bit more on oily side , and that will lead you into the direction that you need to go to properly choose the right type of concealer for you .
BQp_MElO984 hi . we 're talking about copper foiling and specifically , we ? re talking about our cutters . now , as i said before , there are a few different types of cutters . right now , i 'd like to elaborate on the pistol grip . this is a pistol grip cutter . it 's called such , because you can grip it like a pistol and there is a way that you would place your finger up on this grip to hold this because that is a swivel cutter at the end of it , unlike your carbide wheel cutter . there 's also , i want to draw your attention to a little knob , right here that opens up the reservoir that you actually put glass cutter oil in . and the glass cutter is very important because it helps to preserve the life of your cutter and make it last a lot longer . it also helps with the ease of cutting your glass . this is your glass cutter oil that you would placing within your pistol grip or any of your cutters that require an oil within them . now , you 're cutters should come with one of these little oil applicators . you just dip that into your bottle of oil . fill it up . place it in the end and fill it up like that . you do n't need to fill the whole thing up because it generally tends to , it could be leaky and messy and you do n't want your hands to be too oily . you just want to have a nice oil stream come out from your cutter , onto your glass . so , that is how you would fill this cutter up . put this back on here . and this is how this cutter cuts . line up on your line . apply pressure . and i do n't know if you can see that , but if you can see just outside that line , there is a very nice oil line that goes along with that as well and that will help also the glass shards not popping up on you too readily .
cj1_21TAWl8 in this segment we 're going to work on a movement called swirl the water . and when you are doing this movement you really can just picture you just standing maybe on some tropical beach or in a pool somewhere . and you 're just really standing in a waist deep of water . and you move from side to side and you are just taking your hands and just swirling this water . so it 's the attitude that is as important as the physical . so if you ever had that experience where you just do n't have to be anywhere or you are at a nice beach and you are just swirling the water around you . one hand is going out then the other hand goes out . you are shifting your weight from side to side and you are turning your body . so it 's not really the hands that are coming around , it 's that the body is turning to bring the hands around . always staying nice and vertical the shoulder joint very relaxed moving with such ease .
BWxZu6UDsy0 lthe questions ask how to build a batting cage . well , the answer is a little more simple then you might think . a batting cage can be constructed of metal or of wood . first thing you have to do is build several standards , it will require two vertical poles , it would run this way , and then a horizontal pole connecting the two . from that , the netting can be hung . you 'll have to , obviously buy some netting to accomplish your batting cages , and usually most people buy a regular batting cage net . but those are simply hung from these standards . the number of standards would depend on the length of the net . i would suggest keeping the standards something twenty feet or less in between the two standards . but basically , with wood or with any type of metal , you can construct poles , two vertical poles with a horizontal pole connecting . several different standards , depending on the length of the net , and then simply hand the net from those standards . i would also highly recommend getting an l screen for the batter , or the pitcher to stand behind when he 's throwing , because of safety involved . but basically , that 's how you build a batting cage .
Eul34Zq_cHs bill albin : hello , i 'm bill albin . and on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to teach you what you need to know to be a local news reporter . in this segment , we 're going to talk about microphones ; microphones that you would speak into when you 're doing a story . there are a couple of different kinds of microphones . there are , for example , in this particular segment , we 're going to talk about the handheld microphone . the handheld microphone is the most versatile piece of equipment that a reporter can use . this is where all the information comes from . when i interview someone , i 'm giving them the microphone . when i 'm talking to you , i 'm using the microphone . so without this , there would n't be any television . so the important thing you need to remember about a microphone is where to place it . when i 'm speaking , i want to hold it right about here . so it 's picking up my voice but not obstructing my face so that you can see me . when i 'm talking to a newsmaker , and a newsmaker is really anyone who 's making news , someone i would speak with about a particular story . i would hold that much to their face , as i would hold it to mine , so that it 's in a proper position . so that i could pick up their voice but not obscure their face .
C-i06Ssh0l8 hello , this is jb . i 'm with austin home brew supply here in austin , texas , and today we are talking about wine making equipment . and specifically right now i want to talk about degassing your finished wine . when you 're making wine , one of the things that will happen at the end of the fermentation process is there 'll be a lot of dissolved gas in the wine . now , as you know , when you serve a bottle of still wine -- we 're not talking about sparkling , we 're not talking about champagne , we 're talking about standard still wine , chardonnay , cabernet sauvignon , what have you , there should n't be any dissolved gas within this wine once it 's bottled . so , as a home wine maker , you need to dry that gas out of the finished product before you put it into bottles . how do you do that ? there 's a few different techniques . i 'm going to show you the basic techniques . the most basic of techniques is to simply use a spoon like this to degas the wine . well , you know , obviously this end is not going to fit , but with the spoons we carry , the small handle in will actually fit down into the carboy , so that you can simply stir it around enough to be able to actually degas it . this technique works pretty decent . i 've been using this technique for a number of years , and it 'll actually work pretty decent . so that 's the first way . the second way of degassing is this particular item called the whip . the whip would go down into the carboy , and then you would hook a drill up to the end of the whip , and it would spin the whip inside of there , subsequently degassing the wine . so that one works a little better . and this one i think works the very best of all . this is called the mix stir . and once again you 'd also use a drill , and you would take the paddles and you would drop the paddles down into the carboy , and then once it drops down into it , then you would hook a drill up to the end and spin it to where it would be gas . so , either manually or through the use of a drill and a couple of these guys , a few different ways that you 're able to degas your finished wine .
baPTOtiJY00 now we 've got our decal ironed on and i removed the backing so it 's going to stay in place now . and that 's going to be the outside of your hacky sack so when you are sewing it you want to make sure that you do n't sew this on the inside . so we are going to get to that in a minute . next you are going to need a large knitting needle that 's got a big eye opening and your also going to need some pretty sturdy string and this is the string they kind of use for a friendship bracelets , it 's twenty five millimeters , that 's a good string to use . and you are going to want to thread your needle , which might take you a second , there we go . and you want to pull some through so that you have a good length of it hanging down where it 's doubled over on the top , and then you want to go to your bottom and you want to make a knot , and i like to use a slip knot with the hole . so you can still see it . and it makes a good blocking for when we are sewing our hacky sack . so i 'm just going to wrap that around and then pull through and it 's going to have this great little pull at the ends so i know that 's the end of my string and then i have a very generous sized knot here for when i 'm sewing my hacky sack . you know it 's not going to pull back through . and once that then you are ready to prepare your hacky sack for sewing and because the decal is on , going to be on the outside , we start our sewing on the inside .
_C0zpaed15A hello i 'm sifu mallon with the clearwater kung fu center . this is my assistant melissa and this is kickboxing . the hand technique that we 're focusing on is called a lead uppercut . i 'll perform it for you at normal speed then i 'll have melissa go through it a little slower so i can point out some of the finer things . so i get into my stance , i feel my body nice and loose . okay , now the body positioning is we 're going to have some body mechanics here . my right shoulder is going to pitch forward and my right hand is going to come forward slightly . my weight pushes on my left foot and down . my left hand is going to roll down this way as i roll up and shifting my weight back , boom and fire the punch in . now , your uppercut is a close range punch . so this means that you 're not swinging like you 're trying to hit someone very far away . so this is the in-tight close punch . normal speed . alright , melissa demonstrate it a few times . she 's in her stance , the body is loose , relaxed . okay , the mechanics of this , we 're going to shift the right hand forward rocking the body , putting the weight on your lead foot . the rear hand or left hand is just going to sit down a little bit dropping leverage , and now she 's going to fire up pushing through the legs , hips and arms . at this point , the weight shifts back , this leg lifts a little bit . that 's it . she repeats again . boom . again , little twist in and out . now here , she just wants to add the tiniest bit more of a twist before she throws the uppercut . little twist , yes . the idea with punching is to not punch just with your arms straight . okay . we want to punch using our legs , using the floor , activating all the way through our legs , boom and out the punch . this is how your techniques becomes very strong . this is lead uppercut , kickboxing .
DJ1TrbWqDRU hi , this is jon and in this clip we will be painting our door . once our sealant has dried we can go ahead and paint our brick molding and our door frame to match our existing wall . what we 've done is just take a small sample of our paint on our wall in to our home center and they were able to match that paint . so we just got a quart and that should be enough to paint our door frame . to start we 're just going to use a real fine tip paint brush and we 're going to cut in all of our painting and then we 're just going to come back with a small roller and roll on some of flat surfaces and we 're just going to continue with that same procedure and work our way around the entire door and that 's going to give us a very nice finished product and it 'll match our existing wall .
d6lst2yj17I spiders can be pretty scary but one of the scariest kind of spiders i can think of is a tarantula . i 'm janice creneti and this is facts about tarantulas . well , tarantulas are a group of organisms called arthropods , let 's even back up a little bit arthropods are invertebrates . invertebrates are animals that do n't have back bones . there 's no bones inside them to give them their structure so instead they tend to have hard outer coverings sort of like a thickened skin like you 'd see on a turtle but , made of different substances . well , tarantulas are a group of invertebrates called arthropods . they 're called arthropods because they have jointed legs . in fact on this picture you can see the different joints in the legs because they 're spiders they have eight sets as opposed to insects who only have six . tarantulas are very hairy , that 's one of the characteristics of tarantulas and they also tend to be some of the largest spiders that are out there . tarantulas can be found in trees on the ground they make webs , they can make webs , they can capture their prey in a variety of ways . one of the things that 's unique about the group of spiders the tarantulas come from is that they 're actually with mouth parts able to inject poison directly into their prey , which is another method of digesting them . now some tarantulas are very popular in the pet trade and they 're not all dangerous to humans . so even though tarantulas look scary a lot of people choose to have them as pets . my name is janice creneti and this is facts about tarantulas .
2qocWX8zNpc now one of the very last things that you want to do and possibly the very last thing you want to do is to go and check your mailbox , to make sure that you do n't have any mail . so , i found this in my mailbox . so make sure you check your mailbox , and then , and then also if you 're renting a place , make sure that you return the key . so , i have an agreement with my landlord , that i 'm just going to put the key , in an envelope , and i 've already paid my rent for the month . although , that 's something else that you might need to include , depending on what the , what your agreement with your landlord is . and then i 'll just , we , he knows that i 'm going to be leaving this in his mailbox , which is right next to mine . so that 's , that 's probably the last thing that you need to do at this place . at , at your old place is just make sure that you , have gotten all of your mail and your landlord has his or her key back .
41XmQJwDw80 pamela yager : so now i have my flowers on both sides with some long ribbon , which i think is really cute . at the start , it did n't even look cute -- and we just got started . and now , i 'm going to start putting on some curling ribbon because that 's what we want to do -- is we want to alternate the different ribbon types . so i 'm going to be taking a piece of curling ribbon and i 'm going to use this purple this time , and let 's make it about -- just about 16 inches . again , it 's up to you however you want to decorate your boa and just keep things consistent from one side to the other . and , again , i 'm going to be using my wire as a threading tool . let me tell you a little bit about the wire and the threading tool . what i basically did was this is just a wire that they used for crafts , making artificial flowers . sometimes , people use it in gardening . and i take just a -- cut off of about 3 inches and fold it so that it has a bend in the top of it . and i pressed that together so it becomes a little bit of sharper of a tool . and it 's easier to get the ribbon through it . it becomes like a threading tool . it 's easy to get the ribbon through the center of the flower . and , actually , sometimes , i do n't use the point . i use this other end , which is almost like the end of the bobby pin , one side of a bobby pin . i 'm going to put it through the hole in the middle because those are the two little tiny parts . it 's just so much easier and see how it loop the ribbon through the threader and pull it out . it makes it so much easier . now , for the curling ribbon and the placement of it , that 's in our next step , so just stay tuned for that .
b3zHe-FEmYI all right , let 's make sure we know how to play . with four players , we probably do . we 're going to have the house rule that a tie is only to be played out by the players who played the equal value cards . but remember , if you 're playing with a bunch of younguns , probably want to let everybody participate . so , i 'm going to throw out a card , this person , this player , this player . ten is higher than all of these cards , so i take the trick . to use spades or hearts parlance . ace , king , ace , three . i threw an ace , you threw an ace , so we each say one , two , three , four , i declare war . one , two , three , four , you declare war . i had an ace , you had a five , i take the trick plus the extra cards , lucky me , and given that that gives me three aces , well , i 'm the statistical favorite now , good luck to the rest of you .
DxRM2UIzsmI hey guys , what 's up ? this is jacob from the skate barn skateboard park in hampstead , north carolina . today we 're going to learn how to stop on a skateboard . there are several methods on how to stop on a skateboard . first being tail skid . when doing a tail skid , you want to change all of your momentum from the front of your board to the back leaning on the tail of the board and grinding the tail against the concrete . i 'll demonstrate . when you do a tail skid , it is going to be somewhat destructive to the bottom of your skateboard . you will get what 's called razor tail as you grind down the end of your board . but that 's ok because skateboards are replaceable . the second stop is stopping using your shoe as a brake . when stopping using your shoe , you want to take , carefully take your foot off of your skateboard and slowly drag it across the concrete . i 'll demonstrate . the harder you push down on your shoe , the faster you 're going to stop . this also can be destructive to the bottom of your skate shoe , but skate shoes are replaceable . the third method for skateboarding , stopping a skateboard , would be to simply just jump off the skateboard . if you feel yourself in danger going down a hill and its safe to do so , sometimes do n't worry about your skateboard , you just have to jump off . jumping off , i would jump off of your toe side so you do not get tripped and just let your skateboard go . just like so . and that 's how you stop a skateboard .
3VvICgeumlY in this clip , we 're going to learn how nurses use algebra in their , in their fields . one of the simplest things , if you look at the board . for example , a nurse has to do a little bit of math . knows how to , needs to know , how to do a little bit of math . for example , if this , if the doctor prescribes a medicine . 2cc , cubic centimeters of some drug . of drug a , whatever it is . for every 5 pounds of weight . well , first thing the nurse has to find out . how much the patient weighs ? if the patient weighs a 150 pounds . right ? for every 5 pounds , she has to put in 2cc of medicine . again , i 'm not a doctor or a nurse . so i do n't know , if this is the correct numbers for that . but this is just an example . so the nurse has to find out , how many sets of five are in 150 pounds . how many is that ? there are 30 sets of 5 pounds . o.k . so now she takes that 30 and multiplied by 2. so it gives me , 60cc . imagine , if the nurse did n't know math . it gives her 600 , probably kill the patient . or it gives her 6 , does n't do anything to the patient .
11bX6_dM6UQ hi , i 'm theresa murphy on behalf of expert village , and in this clip we 'll be talking about moving each finger individually . so , still working with the hand and working each finger individually is going to help benefit not only the hand itself and the bones and joints and muscles of the hand , but also again tapping into the connection with the thumb ; the next finger to the collarbone ; the pinkie to the heart ; and the other three fingers that dive right directly into the shoulder socket . so , you can move each finger independently of the others in a stretching fashion . and i 'm supporting from the underside with my thumb . i 'm making this look easy . i have quite a bit of range in my hands because this is something that i do weekly if not almost daily . important is the thumb , right , because he 's always in this position . so this thenar muscle really needs to get a stretch . and you can see , when you come out of these stretches , how red the hand gets because we 're generating some good circulation . so , it gets flushed with blood . it feels really good .
490vrTj8bDo this is a shakuhachi fingering diagram and it gives you the japanese note and the american note , in american notation . the first note on a one point eight , is going to be a d. because it 's a d minor scale , and all those are closed . this line , here , is the thumb . this shows the thumb and the thumb is , most of the time , closed . these four holes are the four holes in front . so here all holes are closed , and you get the d note for american notation , and this is the japanese notation for a d note . the next primary note in the d minor scale would be f and that would be here , with the first hole open , the next three holes on the front are closed and the rear hole is closed . and here is the f right here , and this would be the f in japanese notation . so you could actually learn japanese notation by looking at this chart . the next major note in the d minor scale , the pentatonic scale , is g. and you have the first two holes of the shakuhachi open , the next two are closed , and the back is also closed . this is the g symbol in japanese notation and the g in american notation . the next note would be an a , where the first three holes are open , one , the top one is closed , and the back , once again , is closed . here 's the japanese notation for an a and here 's the a in american notation . so if you do n't know either american or japanese notation , this chart can show you how to do that . the next note would be a c , and there 's several ways to play a c but this is one of the easiest . the first two holes are closed on the front , the second two holes are open , the back hole is closed , and here 's your c note right here , and here 's the c notation in japanese . and then you wind up with a d to end the scale . it 's a five note scale , and once again , all holes are closed , and here 's the d note an octave up , and here 's the d note in japanese notation . and now , i 'll play them for you .
ddY6dLJQE2s would n't you like to go into your craft and hobby room and find exactly what you are looking for ? i 'm janet casto , your independent demonstrator with stampin ' up and i 'm going to give you a few of my tips that help keep me organized . the first thing i like to do is with my stamp pad and i have a stamp pad holder and everyone of my stamp pads go in there and they 're labeled at the end so i can see them and get to them quickly and easily . the other thing you can use is ribbon holders . they have pull outs for all your ribbons , all the different size ribbons , for your brads and your eyelets , they make caddies that spin around and that are really really great . another thing you can do is go to the store and buy various bins . this one is a plastic one that opens up and you can store your stamps in here . you can store your tools in here , anything that you like . remember arranging and making all of your positions of your products are n't personalized so you want to pick what 's best for you . i really like this basket . it is a three set of nesting baskets and this is something again that could hold your supplies , your paper , your scraps of paper , your scissors , your stamp pads , your punches , especially this big one would make a great thing for holding on to your punches . also you want to take a look at your filing system . you can have big files like this behind me , those are always good for storing paper and supplies like that . you will need some 12 x 12 containers for your scrap booking paper and your odd size papers . just take a look around at the space that you have in your room , decide what works best for you and that you can keep everything at your hand 's reach . it makes your stamping a lot more fun . i 'm janet casto your independent demonstrator with stampin ' up and i hope you 'll try a few of these ideas to keep all of your stamping supplies organized . happy stamping .
CWVU890vcFU now we 're going to move onto the eyes , which is the fun part . even though it 's natural , you can definitely use some funky colors , something with a little iridescence . i 'm going to use a base color that 's a champagne color , but it 's got a glow to it . it 's got an iridescence to it , so it 's a really , really pretty color . you can see it has a huge hole in it because i use it all the time . you ca n't mess this up . you want to take a nice thick brush and you want to put it all over the lid . all the way up under the brow . like i said , you ca n't mess it up . you can put on too much . you can put on too little though . i would advice to kind of pile it on . blend it . blend , blend , blend to make sure it 's all over the entire lid . then put a little more underneath the brow because you want that highlighted . then once it 's all spread evenly and blended on the top , take a little on the bottom as well . anything i do on the top , just to keep it blended , i put a little bit on the bottom as well . just a tiny bit . even sometimes the residue on the brush works out well . just kind of make sure everything is even and blended . this will help your next color to go on much nicer as well . it also creates a really nice highlight under the brow and under the eye .
a87PLJIktC0 this is ivan madar on behalf of expert village . how you set your fees , obviously determines your income . the fees are determined by the quality of services you provide and by the demographics in your area . a lot of clubs charge initiation fees and it 's always the contentious part -- how much to charge , whether to charge or not , and how to combine it with the dues . the dues should cover your operational costs . obviously with profit . initiation fees are generating an income ; but more than anything else it is an item you ask people to commit people to your facility for a long period of time . in a private club , that 's always necessary . you do not maintain a sales force there to maintain membership all the time . that is the practice that is practiced in the large fitness chains -- where they sell memberships everyday . it 's similar to an assembly line . in a private club , you would like the stability of membership and the stability of staff . the stability of membership comes from a commitment . the initiation fees account for that , so when people ask what it is for , it is for your commitment that you are going to stay here . it is a matter of supply and demand . i personally avoid specials and gimmicks , because once you offer a special , no one will ever join under regular price . they will always wait for the special . so , if you are in a private club and you provide a service properly , your good management and the climate you create is your best marketing . that generates money . i have found that proper management and good referrals from members saves me tons of money in marketing of my services . i use members as my marketing and i reward members for bringing new members to the club . i have been very very successful , instead of paying outrageous fees to the television stations , radio stations , and newspapers advertising your services . actually , i believe you are cheapening your products by doing this . private clubs should provide a service that is appreciated that people do n't mind paying . they look at value , not price .
Fo8OovfbHQk hi ! i 'm gary westby from k & l wine merchants . and we 're going to talk about the region of champagne . champagne is a region about a hundred kilometers to the north and east of paris . the two main towns there are reims and epernay . if you were to draw a line from epernay to north america , it would hit it fargo , north dakota . if you were to draw a line from reims to north america , you 'd see it hit winnipeg , canada . this is the absolute border line for cold , continental weather . in the world where fine wine can be grown . and as such , it has a very special set of climatic conditions that allow for the production of the most elegant sparkling wine , on the planet . it also has extraordinarily chalky soil that was left behind . when this whole are used to be the bottom of the ocean about three hundred million years ago . this chalk in combination with the bad weather . and an extraordinary number of regulations . allow them to make superlative sparkling wine .
ePe8OemOZh0 hello , i 'm kyle brayer . your next in home back workout will be torso twist . torso twists not only work your back but they also work your obliques very effectively , which is a part of your core . any time that we 're working back muscles , we want to take care of that core . torso twist works the obliques from moving side to side . it 's also going to keep tension in the back by keeping your body off the ground . so , you can start out in the easy position with your legs straight out in front of you . i have an eight pound medicine ball . i 'm going to put it to one side . i 'm going to pick it up , twist and move it to the other side . very simple movement . i 'm reaching back as far around my body as i can before i sit the ball down , and then pick it back up . now if you 'd like to involve the abdominal muscles a little more in this exercise , you can actually pick your legs up off the ground like this and twist , twist . now i 'm involving the lower portion of my abs , my upper portion of my abs , my obliques and my lower back in this exercise . twist , twist . and i 'll do that from the side . so again , i reach back as far as i can to one side and then around to the opposite side breathing the entire time . inhaling through the nose , exhaling through the mouth . and that is a torso twist .
FPPeOFBaETQ hi , this is howard fleischmann with community tire in phoenix , arizona on behalf of expert village . in this clip we will be reinstalling the fuel pump back into the tank and getting the tank ready to be put back into the vehicle . you see the technician has put the pump back into the tank , and now he is slipping the lock ring back into place . and to be honest , this is where having more than one set of hands can come in very handy . as you can see the technician is having a bit of difficulty getting the pump to seat in place , and he is a very experienced tech . so what you need here is patience and a little dexterity . but keep working on it and as you can see that ultimately the ring will seat and the clip will slide into place and we 'll be ready to start putting everything back together , which is what we 'll be doing in our next clip .
bGyDHqrQLdc now the next part of the warm-up is warming up our voice . and there are actually several different components to warming up the voice and i want to briefly cover them . first we have to work on the muscles of the face , and the throat , and the tongue . so you 're going to want to do exercises , maybe you 're scrunching , you scrunch up your face , you release your face , scrunch release . you 're moving your tongue around , yawning is a wonderful way to release the tension in your face . that 's the first part of actually warming up the voice . when you 're doing that you want to make sure that you include the lips , and like i mentioned before , the tongue . so you want to move your tongue all around , in and out , in and out of your mouth , up and down , and the same thing with your lips . so , you want to blow air through your lips . maybe you chew , maybe you puff , whatever it is to warm up your lips . then we 're going to actually add in some sounds to warm up our voice . you want to work primarily with consonants , and perhaps you take an s sound or a z sound and you hold it and release like ( demo making sounds ) . you hold and release the consonants . and then you want to take the consonants and repeat them quickly like ( demo making vocal sounds ) , and you can go through all of the consonants that way . that 's really good , that 's a really good way to warm up your mouth . then , you might want to try tongue twisters . tongue twisters are very good . peter piper picked a peck of pickled peppers . whatever the tongue twisters are that you know , repeat those over and over four , five , six times . but make sure that you do all of those components in your vocal warm up .
Bvzd7OYw7Lo sometimes people often wonder the necessities of a chiropractic adjustment and many of us have had some episode of pain where we have kind of taken some type of pain medication or pain reliever what have you or just rested and it has eventually gone away . that really is the body kind of giving you an alarm or a warning signal that something really is wrong and we need to address this at a deeper level and the more we just kind of deal with it and mask it and not get to the source . i mentioned that the spine houses this nervous system and as it misaligns it puts pressure on it . well we just take some medication and we just rest we are not correcting the misalignment that is causing the original offense . the necessity of the adjustment is to correct that and to allow this thing to work freely so that it is not going to get this recurrence of pain or dysfunction or what have you so by ignoring it or covering it up we are not attaining that to really get that thing correct and to get things back to where they need to be so for your nervous system and your body to function more optimally we need to get that adjusted and get things corrected .
bbNhK0g8fJY hi , i 'm laura fitzgerald on behalf of expert village , and today i am here to talk to you about care and maintenance of your pet rat . in my hands today i am holding a dumbo rat . this is blondie , she is my little mommy dumbo rat . see how her ears are on the side of her head and not at the top of her head like regular rats ? she is also called a rex rat . see how her hair is blonde , going in this direction , and if you push the fur in this direction its almost a silver grey . rats make wonderful pets , for family and children . they do not bite or hardly ever bite . they are extremely intelligent , they come when they are called , they can do tricks , they get along with all the other family pets , they are very low maintenance and they are very clean . i have a few other rats to show you , momma had some babies , she had four other baby rats . this rat is only two weeks old . as you can see , its eyes and ears are closed . it will not be able to hear for six weeks . it will be totally dependent on its mom up until about six weeks old , when it will start eating regular rat food . in this cage over here , i have two rats , this is my big daddy rat , tar . tar is also a rex rat , but see he has normal ears , they are at the top of his head . tar is about eighteen months old . he was my first rat , he has a little white belly and little white feet . and he is very intelligent , he even knows his name and does tricks . you can see the difference between the male and female rat . the males are much bigger than the females . and this is lucy , she is a hairless rat , she has regular ears . but she has no hair , the only hair is on the side of her head on her whiskers and at the top of her head . sometimes that falls out and grows back . but all over her body she has no hair . rats come in many different colors , hair types , different body types and without tails , if tails make you squeamish .
36Nw7WUVC2c okay so what we 've done is we 've entered the form and we 've opened the form of this plant pot . and the next thing we 're going to do is pull up the walls . and the way we do this is fairly simple once you get the hang of it . i 'm going to use this sponge on the outside and i 'm going to use my fingers on the inside . and i 'm simply going to push the clay up with this finger here . and on the inside i 'm going to have this finger just above it . i 'm going to squeeze the clay between these two fingers and pull it up through the wall . and being that this is a plant pot we 're going to throw a pretty standard cylinder shape to start with . so here we go . you can see my bat 's a little loose there , but that 's okay , just do n't force it . grabbing it from the bottom , pulling it through the wall of the pot . now what you want is , you want your walls to be uniform in there thickness . and you do this by gaging between the two fingers . you can gage if there 's a fat spot you can feel and you just apply a little bit more pressure . and here we go once again . lifting the walls of the pot , if it starts to wobble on you just take control . do n't let the clay control you , you 're controlling the clay . it is a give and take . you 're not the full dominant master of the clay it has it 's own mind . but you definitely want to let it know who 's boss . and i 'm just going to go ahead and pull this up one more time , and start to flare it out just a touch . because we are making a plant pot . okay so there we go , we 've thrown a nice cylinder . you can see by how uniform my finger marks are going through here , that 's important . because it means that the clay has been uniformly stretched through the walls . the next thing we 're going to do is to shape our planter or our plant pot . and we 'll be getting to that in just a moment .
1Tvy-LEjj0w hi , i 'm karina fraley for expert village and we 're talking about different ways that we can keep our families protected at theme parks . one of the things that you 're going to want to be careful of is dehydration . a lot of the times , we tend to visit theme parks during the summer months and they can obviously be very very warm and aside from sunscreen and keeping yourself well protected from the sun , you 're also going to want to stay hydrated and the best way to stay well hydrated is with water . you really are going to want to avoid sodas and juices that have a lot of sugar in them . if you are feeling like you 're low on electrolytes , you can go ahead and drink some sort of gatorade or electrolyte drink but really the best way is to just keep a constant steady flow of water in your system and that will help you avoid any sort of affect of dehydration . dehydration can ruin an outing very quickly . it can cause headaches and exhaustion and can really make you feel very ill and not at all like wanting to run around and have fun so be sure that you stay hydrated .
FXlDD3cQYrM are you ready to make your skin glow ? my name is keeley selvage with keeley skin solutions , and i am going to show you how to make a sugar body scrub . there 's going to be two different kinds i 'm going to show you . the first one , i 'm just using some cane sugar . you can use any kind of ; any kind sugar really . you can use sucanat , brown sugar , or just regular sugar ; whatever you have in your cupboard is good . it 's just going to be your exfoliant to remove the dead skin . so , we start it with , maybe , a table spoon to two table spoon of some cane sugar , and i 'm just going to add some olive oil . i 'm going to add , to start with , it 's going to be a table spoon . olive oil is very , very hydrating , very nourishing for the skin , and i 'm just going to stir it up . that looks just a tad bit runny to me . so , i am going to add a little bit more sugar ; my cane sugar here . shake a little bit in there . it 's kind of nice because you can really just fly by the seat of your pants . put as much as you want in there , and it gives it a nice paste . do this in the shower and you can rinse it right off . your skin is going to be looking really good . another one i 'm going to show you that 's really simple . again , i 'm going to start with your cane sugar . put a little bit of honey in there . honey is going to brighten your skin . it 's an excellent hydrater for the skin as well ; and again , just stir it up . it turns into a nice little ball there . you can see it ? and again , just put that all over the body . take your time with it . do n't use a lot of pressure . just spend a few minutes on each section of the body , and your skins going to be bright and glowing and ready to show off . my name is keeley selvage with keeley skin solutions and that is how you make a sugar body scrub .
a_IXB71BiN4 hello , my name is tom brintzenhofe , certified master mechanic out of reading pennsylvania . today we are going to talk about how to fix the ignition lock , the ignition cylinder that will not turn , it 's stuck . every vehicle is a little different as the configuration of your ignition lock cylinder . i have one out here to show it to you real quick with the key . you get one of these , you get into your vehicle one morning and it just wo n't turn . sometimes they have locks on the steering wheel that locks from left to right when you park so it does n't go anywhere . sometimes if you yank that steering wheel pretty hard from one side to the other , not too much force but sometimes they 'll move that way . if they do n't this is usually your culprit right here . you 'll have to get yourself a repair manual from your local auto parts store and look through on how to change the lock as unfortunately every vehicle is different so i 'm not going to show you one way of the other how to do it . so , just follow it step by step . you might want to read it first because a lot of these have security features in them . like this one right here . just one key , any key just wo n't fit them . a lot of them have to be programmed as for the key . so if you go changing this thing and you jump in it when you are all done and it just wo n't start and your security light comes on , that could cause you some problems but read through it . if you do n't have any security features do it yourself , if they do have security features , you will have to leave it up to a local garage to have it done for you because unfortunately a lot of people just do n't have the equipment to reprogram them . but simple thing is read your manual , if it does n't it 's real simple to change . pull your steering wheel out , follow your repair manual it 'll walk you through it step by step . but that would be your culprit . there is actually no way to actually get in here and actually physically repair these things so if they are giving you problems , you 've got ta change them .
DUL1X5u18mw with broadband speeds increasing , people are wanting to transfer files more and more these days . and to do that most people are using ft programs . hi , i 'm charles stewart jr and i 'm going to give you some information to help you choose a file transfer protocol program . first if you 're working on a windows computer , there 's a lot of options out there . you can pay for some of the options but , a lot of people like free stuff , and a good program would be filezilla . it 's very robust , it lets you do a lot of stuff . comparable to a lot of the same programs you 'd pay for , it also offers levels of security and you know , and just to give you an overview of what ftp is , basically , it lets your computer talk to another computer most likely a server , and allows you to talk to it and upload your files to that server , and so it 's like an interface for that . so on the windows side you definitely want to use a program like filezilla , and it 's free so you can get in there and play with it and it 's pretty easy to use . now on the mac side they 've got a program called cyberduck and cyberduck is exactly the same thing as filezilla . it 's a free program , except that this one 's designed for the os x for the mac , and it 's really easy to use , same thing , you you know , you get an ftp site , you know the ftp and then whatever address that they give you , and then you could upload or retrieve files from there using this software . and that 's pretty much it for choosing an ftp program .
FH01RgjR7J4 the wind-down bench press can also be done with the band behind your shoulders . so we keep it there , it 's a little low on the shoulders . our hands come out wide . again , the band is between the thumb and the forefinger , you take a nice inhale . if you want , you can grab the band and exhale , press up , inhale , lower the shoulders . exhale , up , inhale , lower , everything slow and controlled . as you push up you 're working and resisting the return , you 're also working . and exhale up , you can also take the band from here , come out and come up . come out , keeping the tension on it and come up . and come out . it looks really easy but when you 're doing it , you 'll find that it 's more difficult than it seems . and lower back down .
4FaOX_H3Erc on behalf of expert village , my name is kendall james . i am a quarterback for the knights of miami semi pro team and today i am going to teach you how to play quarterback . now one of the most important things quarterbacks forget to do is follow through . you can be one of the best quarterbacks in the world but if you do n't follow through , you are going to throw your arm out . right now we are going to do the same thing . we are going to have our feet together . we are going to step , turn , follow through with your back legs . we are going to turn , step , follow through . you must follow through because we stand here we use all arm strength . you want to use more mechanics than anything if you want to survive for a long time . i am going to turn , step , throw , follow through . i should be able to walk toward my target .
dFq6jkRRBMs this is johnny miles from the lake powell national golf course in page , arizona with another hot golf tip for expert village . what i  m going to talk about right now are some clubs that most people don  t like . it  s really not because they  re that much harder to hit than a wedge , it  s just that it take a little more confidence , a little practice to hit them . there are the 3 , the 4 , and the 5 hundred . we won  t even talk about the 200 and 100 because they  re history now . these golf clubs are a little flatter . they don  t have as much loft as let  s say the pitching wedge obviously . as a result , you  re going to have greater dispersion , and two , people get the feeling they have to help them up . no , you just have to brush the grass . even if i went out and i showed you how to hit these golf clubs a little better , let me show you a better golf club to hit to take their place . you see them all over the place . they  re a rage , it  s called the hybrid . you can call it a hybrid wood ; you can call it a hybrid iron . irons and woods are all the same thing ; they  re all mass x velocity squared , just like i said in the distance tip . this golf club is revolutionizing the game for a lot of players . it  s got a little thinner face on it ; it  s got a lower center gravity . it  s got greater mass , so it  s more forgiving . gets the ball up really easy , and you can hit out of heavy rough . i  d like to see you hit a 3 iron out of heavy rough . maybe tiger woods and a few of those guys on the tour can , but if you look in their bags , you  re going to see hybrids . go into your golf shop , have your golf professional tape up a hybrid and test it out . you  re going to be amazed . if you pick the right special , you might get a dozen taylor made balls , a dozen titleist , or a dozen callaway to go along with it . but the hybrid makes the game easy , and they replace the long irons , the more difficult clubs to hit . so take a tip from the pro and check out the hybrids .
42nCNA_zVp4 so . the last step that we have on this coin purse is to go ahead and close this last seam . and this is the hole that we flipped the whole purse out of . and this is the last thing that you have to do . and what we want to do is pinch the zipper tape inside between the outside and the lining . and i 'm going to go ahead and put some pins in it . probably about three . one on each edge and one in the middle . and this does n't happen on every coin purse but this coin purse happens to be light colored on the inside , dark colored on the outside and since i 'm real picky about the things that i make . i 'm going to go ahead and make sure that i have a light colored thread at the bottom . so i 'm going to change my black bobbin to something lighter . it does n't have to be exact and if you do n't care you do n't have to worry about that . but i like it to be perfect . i think this one matches pretty well . yep , that matches so let me put this bobbin in . and we 're just going to make that one little seam closed and we 'll have a coin purse . so , what you want to do is find where you ended that tack when you top stitched and start right there on top of it . there we go . just right next to the zipper . back tack again . you should always back tack everything . and sew right up to the next tack . everything should lay perfectly flat . back tacked it again . and now we need to cut the threads off . see how much nicer it looks on the inside since you do n't have the black thread . you have a thread that matches . it looks nice and professional . okay . then i think we have a coin purse . and as you can see , the lining fits it there nice and smooth . it 's not all bulky and bunched up . and here you go . here 's the coin purse that we have made today .
D9BZorevJVw hi i 'm emily larew with intermediate hip hop combination . we are going to start with our seventh count of eight , counts five through eight and we 're going to be doing a layout with a snake . so if you remember correctly from our previous demonstration we drag turn with a knee crunch . from here on four you 're just going to release your back and your arms to the side . ok so i want you to keep your hips tucked underneath you do n't stick them out , do n't stick them way forward , keep them here . you 're actually leaning to the back or to the right with your arms up at an angle . alright left arm is slightly higher than the right . we 're going to lower five , you 're going to melt six , we 're going to roll it around , snake it up seven , back up to eight . alright good job ! so nice stretch and a hot lift as well you 'll going through . so here we go on four , you 're going to drop it five , six , seven , eight . good , one more time . two , three , four , five , now six , around seven , eight . good , and my legs are trying to face forward on the two , cause you we 're actually here isolated in then make sure you turn your heel down , your tow is facing up front . ok good ! let 's take it from the top . we hold one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . a one and two , three four , five and six , seven , eight and one , two , three and four , five , six , and seven , eight . one and two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . get low two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . a one and two , three , four and five , six , push seven and eight . a one and two , three and four , five and six , seven , eight . a one and two , step three and four , five , six , seven and eight . good job , that was your snake and layout for intermediate hip hop combination .
DlKCcKWkHIw alright . let 's go over some accents . now , that 's the power , the power horse behind , behind the drums . the accent is represented in this notation structure , right here , accent . it kind of looks like a greater than or less than arrow , whichever way you want to look at it as . so , the accent just means to accent a stroke a little bit harder then the other one . so , we 'll take , we 'll take , for instance , measure one where the accent with the quarter note , four fourths time , where the accent is on the one and the three . so , it 'd be like one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four . alright ? so , i 'm going to play that on the drum , snare drum . ready ? one , two , three , four . one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four . alright , now let 's switch off the accent , we 're going to go to two and four . so , as you can see here , the one , two , three , four . so , the accent is on the two and four . here we go . so , one , two , ready , go . one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four , one , two , three , four . so , that was , would be accents on quarter notes .
DNw6jQGkYZ0 in this series i am going to show you how to find your bowl blank in the log . now we 've already cut our log and i 've already split the log in half down the pith . the pith is the center of the tree right through here and that 's how the tree gets its nutrients . we do n't take a bowl blank from the hole log , we cut a bowl blank from the half log because if we did it from a whole log we would have the pith running in the center of our bowl and the pith when it dries it will crack and your bowl will crack . so what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to take my half log and i 'm going to pick the one that i 'm going to use for my bowl blank and i 'm going to use this one here and i 'm going to draw the circle after i 've checked to make sure that i do n't have any defects or cracking in the bowl blank that i need to be aware of and to try to compensate for . this log looks pretty good . i do n't see any cracks . i do n't see any defects or nails or pieces of wire or things like that so i 'm going to find my blank , center , and i will draw my circle once i find my blank . and i 'm scribing this with a carbide tip on my compass and then i 'll go over it with a marker . i want to scribe it because as i am doing this and just in case i happen to change my mind about where my lines are , i wo n't get confused because there are two or three different markings with a magic marker .
Fub5NeFL5Oc so we 've got one side of the drawstring on one side of the purse and what we need to do now is go to the other drawstring opening that we made and start working from this end . here 's my drawstring . i 'm going to fold my little tab right in half and that 's just to anchor the safety pin on there . if you 're yanking it you do n't want it to be ripped out or anything like that . so if you fold it , it makes it sturdier . okay , get your safety pin and just put it right on top of this one and just start pushing it through . and it might be kind of more difficult because it already has a drawstring in it and it 's bunched up but basically do the same thing as you did with the first one . you just run the body of the bag that has the casing on to the safety pin . and you pull . and you might not be able to pull that much . do n't try to if it does n't want to . just kind of feel it and see where it wants to go but run the body with the casing on to the safety pin and pull . see , i can see it pulling a little bit . but it 's also pulling the other drawstring . and you 'll get a feel for it . it 's not that difficult . it 's just a little bit different that running the first initial drawstring because there 's a ruffle already . okay . and just push it on here . i 'm coming up to this one and what we want to do is make sure that safety pin , it comes out underneath because we want this drawstring to lay underneath this one . it can be next to it but we definitely do n't want it to be on top of it like this . here we go . and that 's kind of a minor detail but you 'll see what i 'm talking about when you pull it . we 're almost done here . i 've still got a bunch of drawstring over here . let me pull it a little bit . there we go . okay , so i 'm about to come out to the side over here . there we go . and there it is . and we do n't have to worry about putting our finger in there because we already have one in there and it 's kind of leading the way . okay so there we go . and there 's this side of the casing . i 'm just going to kind of pull it where they 're even . here we go . i want this drawstring to be on the opposite side of this one . oh . that looks good . that 's really cute . and then we can try opening it up again . there we go . so we do n't have very much further to go . i think what we need to do is attach the handle of the purse . then make our little drawstring stops and then we 'll be done with this . not too much longer .
EKej5FyeuZ8 this is an improv warm up called `` emotional fruit salad '' . and this is a very high energy game , and it works on people expressing extreme emotions and really working on that muscle . we go through our day of kind of having moderate to mild emotional reactions , and in improv we want to have huge emotional reactions , so this helps work on that muscle . so how it works is i 'll start and i 'll say `` okay everybody find a partner in 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , good '' . alright , now that everybody 's with a partner , i 'm going to say `` be angry with that partner '' . and real fast they 're just going to turn on their partner and be really angry with their partner , they 're both going to be angry and yelling and going to the extreme . and then i 'm going to say `` find someone to be silly with '' , and they 're going to find a new partner really quick , and they 're just going to start being really silly with that person . and then if i say , `` find someone to be angry with '' , they 're going to go back to that same partner they had when they were angry , so they 're always angry with the same person . `` go back to being silly with somebody '' , they go back to find that same person they were silly with . `` find someone to be sweet with '' , and i find a new partner and i 'm sweet to that partner ... '' oh you 're so nice , i know you 're so nice '' . `` be angry '' , and then i go back to the angry person . so you 're making different partners around the room and you always have the same emotion with those different partners . and as a facilitator , i 'm just going `` find someone to be angry with '' , `` find someone to be silly with '' , `` find someone to be sweet with '' , `` find someone to be suspicious of '' , `` find someone to be mysterious with '' , `` find someone to be happy with , excited with '' , and so on and so forth . depending on how big your group is you can layer on lots of emotions , and you can go back to them real fast so people are running around the room , going from different emotional extremes . it gets really noisy , this game , so i recommend having a bell or a horn or a whistle or something to get the group 's attention because it can get really loud , really quickly . but it 's super fast , it 's super fun , and it really gets to work that muscle of extreme emotional switches really fast . it also gets people to have small connected moments with each other as well which is pretty fun . so , that 's an improv warm up , called `` emotional fruit salad '' .
DzF77T4xiik so in the dice game kaput , how long is one turn ? well one turn is , you roll until you go kaput . so i did a roll , i can not score because the roll contained a five or a two , it contained these two fives , so i have to put those two dice aside and roll the remaining three . and you just roll until you are out of dice . so there was a roll , i had a five and i pull the five aside . so that roll scores points , a total of five , i roll again , a total of six , i 'm up to ten . roll , eleven , roll again , there 's a five , pull it aside . down to one die , score no points because of the , because of that five , and i roll again . a three , my score is fourteen . there 's a two , that 's a turn . so you roll until you go kaput , in this little dice game that we call kaput .
EsrvKR4xKME hi , i 'm april kirkhart , with work of heart yoga . in this clip , i 'm going to be showing you how to do shivasina , or final relaxation , or corpse pose , for women who are in their third trimester of pregnancy , for prenatal yoga . you 'll want to have a few props for yourself , just to make yourself a little more comfortable . generally , in the second and third trimester , it is recommended that women do n't spend a lot of time , laying flat on their backs . sometimes you can prop up the right hip , with a cushion or a blanket , just to tip the uterus . generally , it 's just so that there 's no pressure on the abdominal aorta , which delivers a lot of oxygen and nutrients to your growing baby , so if you wake up in the middle of the night , and find yourself laying on your back . try not to panic . it 's ok , just turn over on to your left side , and it 's not really something that is a big concern , but just for women in their third , particularly third trimester . sometimes it 's just more comfortable to lay on your side , than on your back , so at the end of your practice . when you want to come into shivasina or corpse pose , then you 're going to want to have your sticky mat , so that it 's nice and cushioned on the ground . have a blanket to rest your head on , and a comfortable height chair for you , and maybe a bolster or a pillow , so you 'll be coming on to your side , drawing the blanket right underneath the head , and then go ahead , slide your bottom leg through the bottom of the chair , and draw your right leg on top of the chair . go ahead and draw the cushion in , so that your arm , your right arm , has somewhere to rest . just adjust yourself , so that you feel nice and comfortable , and from here , just see whatever you can soften , as you start to close your eyes , and breathe . at the end of your practice , it 's a wonderful way to just take a few moments . maybe five minutes to lay , and just start to contemplate how you 're feeling , and especially at the end of your practice , being able to just start to connect with that breath , again . notice , how your yoga practice has changed , anything that you feel in your body , and may be time for a little bit of meditation , on the wonderful things that you 're doing for your body , as well as for your growing child , so just take a few moments . let the mind quiet . breathe in deeply . allow anything you can to soften . do a scan of the body , and with each inhale , i want you to think of doing something wonderful , for yourself . on the inhale , i am doing good for my body . on the exhale , i am doing good for my baby . you can also do a nice meditation in this pose . on the inhale , i am strong , and on the exhale , i am ready for my baby . inhaling , i am strong , and on the exhale , i am ready for my baby , and when you 're finished with your shivasina , take a good five , six minutes here in shivasina , at the end of practice , relaxing . go ahead and slowly remove the top leg . maybe even pushing the chair a little bit further away . removing any props that might get in the way , and very slowly , pressing yourself up to a nice soft crosslegged position , and that is your shivasina , for women in their third trimester of pregnancy .
5Y_rqsHZBjM alright , so i 've got my mold . the mold does need to be clean , if there 's any residual sugar in it from the last time you used it , it 'll often times make things stick to it . so you want it clean . you do n't need to grease it , or oil it or anything you just use it as is . and so the way you do this is this . i 'm going to use my wooden spoon , and i 'm just going to kind of spoon some sugar into here like this . now the thing is , in order to get it to mold really nicely , think of it like making a little sand castle , using your bucket as the mold . you want to really pack as much sugar in there as you can . so you can see i 'm kind of using the back of my wooden spoon to really sort of mash the mixture into there . and i 'm really kind of packing it down . mainly because you want the sugar to get packed into all the little details of the face , into the eyes and into the teeth of that mold . and once you kind of have it all packed in , you just want to kind of scrape off the back with the back of the spoon . about like that ... so that looks kind of good . so you can continue to pack it , just get it really nice and packed . okay , and there we are . so now we have our mold , packed with sugar . so now the next thing we 'll do is invert it onto a card , like and index card . i like to use one of these playing cards .
c9v7WAweceg okay , so now we have completed our plant pot here . and as you can see it is still leather hard . and what i would like to talk about quickly , is that the fact that this is the last moment that you are going to be able to do any tooling or marking on the pot . after this it 's going to look like this , which is going to be dry clay . and as you can see , you can still scratch it , but it 's dusty and it wo n't mark very well . so this is the last time we 're going to be able to put any marks on this pot . during the process of trimming it and everything , you often time scuff up the surface , so if you wanted to go back and put lines on it , or any kinds of designs that are actually going to be in the clay , now is the time to do it . i 'm simply going to write my name on it , like that , and the date , 08. okay , now to dry this out , you want it to dry out nice and slowly . as i said before , we 're in eugene oregon , so i do n't need to worry about it so much . but if we were n't , you might want to take this if it were summer time , simply spray it down to keep it nice and moist while it 's drying , not letting it dry out too quickly . and you can basically now take this , put it over in the drying closet , wait until it looks like this , which means there 's no- you can see there 's no water left in here . and once it looks like that , you can go ahead and put it in the kiln . well i really hope you 've enjoyed being with me in my studio , i 've certainly enjoyed having you . join us again in expert village , and learn how to make a variety of different types of ceramics .
392MlMdAsnI hi my name is lauren and today we are here to discuss how to braid in hair extensions . you are going to want to start by sectioning the hair into smaller squares . the squares are going to help you get your hair actually sectioned so that way you know where to start the braid . i am going to be using a little bit of string in order to really show you how to do it . you are going to grab one of your little square sections and you are going to put that hair actually around it . now ultimately this would be hair this would not be string but i just wanted to show you exactly how to do it . you can tie it up at the top in a small knot so that way it will stay and then you are simply going to section the hair into three sections in order to get your braid . divide it into three sections and start to braid down the hair shaft . if you are looking for the entire extension to be a braid then you would just continue braiding all the way down in order to get your hair a little bit longer . if you are not looking for the entire extension to be your braid you can stop it mid way and use a protein bond or some sort of glue in order to glue it there so the rest of the hair will fall naturally but it will add that length . if you are going all the way to the end you can just continue braiding all the way down . if you are using synthetic hair a good way to actually even prevent your hair from going if you are braiding all the way down is just to singe the bottoms with a lighter . synthetic hair because it is synthetic it will melt and then it will seal off that braid so then that way you do n't have to use any clips . i suggest not to singe even if it is synthetic hair even if you wanted your hair to go from here and then just kind of fall straight down . i would recommend using some sort of glue or protein bond or maybe even tying it off on the top . you want to make sure the tie is n't that noticeable so that way maybe you can even actually , it 's not very noticeable that you have the extension . and that is how you braid in hair extensions .
eS6Sf-44KgI hi my name is evan from gregg 's cycles and today we are going to show you how to wrap some handlebars . the one thing to remember with road handlebars is that when you are holding them in the drops your hands will always kind of curve to the outside and then the same thing again on the top , your hands almost seem to kind of go like this . so you want to remember to on the bottom wrap to the outside and then on top to wrap to the inside and the easiest way to do it is to kind of start at the bottom here and then just wrap towards the outside of the handlebar . you want them to be wrapped fairly tightly so it does n't come unwrapped in the future and then a good measurement you want to overlap about half of what you just wrapped and that way if it ever does start to come unraveled it wo n't be showing bar immediately and then just continue to wrap . so once you have got your wrap all figured out here then what you want to go ahead and do is finish it off on the top . you 've kind of got this loose flappy here and you want to have a way to kind of seal that down . some people choose to just do it with plain old black electrical tape . some people like to get fancy and use colored electrical tapes that match their bike , maybe blue or red or pink or green , whatever your choice is . then go ahead and before you actually get on your bike and start riding just kind of give it some oomph and kind of work it in and make sure that it is not going to come undone while you are on a long ride or out on your commute to work or anything like that and just kind of make sure that it is going to stay stable for a couple of weeks or months or however long you plan on riding . that 's how you wrap a handlebar .
_FTTCZOoBHg i 'll show you in this segment how to repair a torn painting . take a look at this beautiful painting , this beautiful work of art is from the nineteen twenties . from first glance as a connoisseur of art , and as a person who loves art , you really ca n't tell there 's anything wrong with it . the only way to be in a museum and know if a painting has had any damage , is not to look at it from the front , because sometimes the front has been repaired so well that you ca n't tell . there are two ways to do it . number one , you use a light , a blue light , and black light the painting and then what happens is you can tell if there 's been any in painting done in the painting . if there 's in painting that will show up . almost like something fluorescent . the other which is what they do n't want you to see for the most part , is the back of a painting . because from the back of the painting you know if there 's been any repairs and if the repairs have been done well . obviously if from the front you 've got no damage , you have no visible damage , the repair has been adequately . let me give you an example . in this painting , there is a repair , but if you had n't turn the painting around , you would n't have been able to see that this had been repaired . to get to do a repair , actually there 's two , there 's a smaller one here , you get a piece of canvas , you make sure that both sides of the canvas are flat and then you use a very strong adhesive glue to repair the canvas . and that 's how you repair a painting , but again i stress do n't do it yourself .
3NybujlYmSU okay , so the next step on our purse is going to be to attach the button clasp and that 's pretty easy to do . what i like to do is go ahead and just fold the purse over . you know match at the bottom . you find the top and this is also good to go ahead and also mark where we 're going to put our strap in a few minutes right after we put on this button clasp . so let 's go ahead and mark this and we 'll say that 's where we 're going to put our strap and after we do that we want to find the middle where we want the button clasp . so i like to line up the sides of the purse . let 's go ahead and make it a little notch here . okay , so what we 're going to do is go ahead and get this little button catch and attach it right here . so let me go ahead and do that . this might be a little tricky to get this thing laying straight underneath your sewing foot but you can do it . remember to sew it a lot too because we do n't know like this frays a little bit , it will just be undone . so sew on by it . there we go , i 'm going to trim off that excess . now we 're ready to put on the strap .
0JtcVYXue30 hi , this is sean hobson , for expert village . it 's always important for a running back to continue with positive gains to be the person that initiates the contact . he should never be the one that takes a hit . we never want to see our running back coming out of the backfield , taking a hand off and cower up when the defender comes up to hit him and drive him backwards . if that happens , he 's probably not going to play running back very much longer . what we always want to see him do is initiate contact in order to get as much positive yardage as they can . they 're going to get hit anyway , so they might as well be the hitter , not the hit tee . you never want to be the person taking the contact ; you want to be the one dishing out the punishment . what we want to see is once he takes the hand off we want to see him with that good , low body lean and we want to see him put the contact on and drive through the hole in order to pick up a positive gain . so , always remember , initiate the contact . never be the guy that gets hit . we always want positive yardage after the carry .
2FFrwuLsJxk o.k . in the closed stance that we have right here where my feet are aligned with ; are parallel to the line of flight to the ball and i have the club at somewhat of a neutral , even a little closed . i want to have the ball somewhat centered underneath me so here 's my left instep which would be about right there ; so the clubs , the balls a couple balls south of the ; my instep . so if i have too much of my back foot i can hit that and there might be times where that  s an appropriate stance . sometimes if i have a ball going straight down hill i 'm going to come off my back foot but for a typical closed stance , pretty typical tripper pitch i want the ball somewhat off my left instep but a little bit back and then it ; it 's reasonably far away from me and i 'm bending the knees down , and so i 'm good and balanced ; and i just take a nice little back swing and i pop the ball up . so if i want to hit the ball further i just swing harder but if , if you mess around ; you got to find out where a good comfortable spot for the ball is . see if it 's too much off my front foot i can control it but it 's just adding another variable to it . so we want to maintain a nice pendulum motion on these chips so the best spot to strike the ball is somewhat in from the left foot ; probably about that much and that should be a good spot . but experiment with it because what works for me might not be perfect for you .
aK59Tr6lyLM hello , my name is zephyr clarke-dolberg , from miami dog training . in this clip we 're going to talk about , how to approach an unfamiliar dog . first thing you want to know about approaching an unfamiliar dog , is that if you 're going to reach your hands towards the dog , you want to do it from underneath , so your hand is not given to the dog in a threatening manner , which can be interpreted as being hit . so if you do approach them , let them smell you first . and it 's important when you 're letting them smell you , not to flinch , or move too fast , because you can spook the dog , and be bit . if you do approach the dog from underneath , you 're going to be showing a much more softer side of you , instead of a threatening way of moving your hands , and then reading your body language . so let them come to you first , smell you , and in that time that they 're smelling you , try not to jerk , or flinch , or move too fast . this is zephyr clark-dolberg , and this has been , how to approach and unfamiliar dog .
C2oCOZmTKQM we 're back in our room and now we 've got , mostly finished , drywall and a coat of primer paint and we chose this orange primer color because we 're going to come over it with a caramel color . drywall , mud , tape , sanding and a coat of primer always over drywall . drywall is very porous , if you do n't put a primer coat , you 're going to end up with a yucky room , so always remember the three p 's of painting . prepping , priming and painting . three p 's of painting , always . the white spots , that you see above , these are little areas where the drywall finishing , just needed a little touch of something so we re-coat , a little bit , with the mud , they 'll finally sand , they 'll put another primer coat on . it 's an extra tidiest step but it 'll end , a much better finished product , so we 'll have a nice smooth coat . girls , it 's like nail polish . how we do our base coat , two coats of polish and the finish coat . we take this time and care , with walls . now , i want to talk about our trim , which again , we 're under a budget here so we ca n't get into an elaborate trim , plus the house is a fairly simple house , so we 're just doing a straight , clean board trim here . this is three inch board , off the shelf at home depot just cut nice and neat and all these little holes will get filled with wood filler , primed and painted and we 're going to paint them white . we 've also made kind of a fun call , down here , on the wall , where we 're leaving the brick trim , on the bottom . this was the foundation of the house . i feel it 'll , end itself , to being that kind of bonus fun , den room . it 'll also save us some money on trim board and excessive drywall . you can see it bumps out a little bit ? we would have had to frame that out further , to cover it up and i just like the way it looks . i think it gives it that lofty fun feel . now , we have this great concrete floor , that we hope we can just go over with our rubber flooring but again , lots of slopes and valleys , in this floor . you can choose to level it out , however a leveler , tends to be very expensive , either way you look at it . by the bucket , it 's expensive , if you bring a cement truck , it 's expensive , it 's actually more cost effective for us to go ahead and put a sub-floor . sub-floor , flooring that goes under , whatever the flooring is , that you 're installing . this sub-floor is plywood . tongue and groove . there 's the groove and the other piece has a tongue , that fits right in it . when it comes to these little pits , in the floor , then he 'll do a little bit of filling . he 'll put some furring , maybe some shims underneath it but this is really going to give us a nice stable foundation , to put our rubber floor on . lastly , we had one other revision , just in executing this room , we were going to put up these panel sliding doors , in front of the washer and dryer , i just think it 's going to be prettier to put , not something that i always loved , to put curtains up in rooms to hide closets but in this case , i think , we 've got hard walls , we 've got this big closet installation coming , so i think , we 're going to lean towards doing a large curtain , to cover the washer and dryer and i think it 'll just really be a soft wall . so rather than it feel like a curtain , which i do not like , this should be tall enough to feel like one soft wall and i hope to get a good fabric and bunch it up and just have it really look a little feminine and soft , so that 'll be the girlie part of the room .
aJY-7Du7Wo4 these glasses are called half moon glasses and they 're similar to the granny glasses . they 're , think of the teacher that 's watching you in study hall . in all those movies , the stereotypical teacher looks down the bridge of her nose because her glasses are teeny tiny . these are reading glasses , pretty much . sometimes they come in the foldable version . but if you 're want to draw a pair of half moon glasses , i suggest that you , as , again , like i said , fold your face , fold your face in half , yeah . fold your paper face in half on the bridge of the nose so that you have symmetry , and then draw half of your nose piece , which curves , and then draw in one frame , and you 'll notice the angle , it 's angled . they come to a v at the nose , at the nose piece . and half moon , because they are literally very teeny . draw in how big you want your frames , and then flip it over , copy it on the other side , and you 'll have yourself a pair of half moon eyeglasses .
bID4HeFBAvw yoga poses were derive by the ancient yogis trying to become one with nature and imitate the works of art that are in nature . namaste . my name 's cindy mastry and tree pose is one of those works of art . to come into tree pose , you first want to have a strong grounding through your feet . so i 'm going to ground down through my left foot and transfer my weight over to the left foot . spreading my toes wide and then rooting them down just like the other roots of your tree . lengthening up through the leg , making sure not to hyper-extend the knee , engaging through the thigh , that 's my trunk , that 's my strong foundation , just like the giant red boots . we 're going to pivot on the ball of the right foot and this a perfect tree right here , you could stay here , grounded with your toe to the ground and heel to the ankle , opening the tree out to the side . so there is opens through your hip , it 's actually a hip opener pose as well as a balance . if you like to , you can move your foot to your calf , or maybe even up to your thigh , pressing your thigh into your foot , foot into your thigh . still growing out of your foundation , lifting up out of your waist , rolling the shoulders down and back and lifting through your heart . and when in if you 're ready , reaching your arms up to the sky , growing your branches . and it 's okay if it 's a little windy out there , it 's alright , that 's when you root down and ground through your foot . whenever you 're ready , bringing the hands down back to heart center , bringing the knee in and then finding your grounding . namaste .
e-7Lvch2L8U let 's about how your pokemon can be effected during attacks other than just straight damage . there are different special conditions that your pokemon can be effected by ; asleep , burned , confused , paralyzed or poisoned . if you notice , i 'm using the cheat sheet on the mat . which , again is very important when you 're playing . because , it 's got all the things right there . all of these special conditions will be in the flavor text of the attack of the other pokemon . for example , it will give an attack say that gives you ten damage . but , underneath of the flavor text it will say flip a coin . if heads , the pokemon is now burned , paralyzed , whichever . there are different special conditions . asleep . while asleep , a pokemon can not attack or retreat . if your pokemon is asleep , it 's a good idea to turn your pokemon as if it 's laying down on the board . that way , you and your opponent know that whether or not your pokemon is asleep . if your pokemon is burned , you can use any of these burn markers . it 's got the little bandage , because it 's been hurt . you just put it directly on your pokemon . if your pokemon is burned , it keeps receiving damage every time the turns change . the same thing happens if your pokemon is poisoned . i like to use the universal icon for poison , which is the little skull . and , you put that again right on your pokemon so everybody remembers it 's been poisoned . and , in between the turns your pokemon will keep taking taking damage just as if it was burned . although , your pokemon will take less damage if it 's poisoned . if your pokemon is paralyzed , it can not attack or retreat . again , it 's a good idea to turn your pokemon this way so that it looks like your pokemon is paralyzed . just like asleep , you can not attack or retreat with it . however , unlike asleep . at the end of your turn , your pokemon returns to normal if it 's paralyzed . with asleep , you have to flip a coin in between turns to see whether or not it wakes up . the last condition is confused . if your pokemon is confused , it 's a good idea to turn your pokemon . usually , i like to turn it all the way around kind of like it 's upside down confused . it does n't know which way is up . if your pokemon is confused and you decide to attack with it , you have to flip a coin . if it 's tails , the attack stops and your pokemon does damage to itself . when you retreat your pokemon , sleep , paralyzed , burned , they all disappear when it 's back on your bench . the only thing that does n't disappear is the damage counters .
CMV9Wo03RLg when do you want to seek medical care ? whenever you see any of these signs or symptoms of a stroke that we just discussed , it would be a good idea to seek medical care as quickly as possible . with a stroke , the greatest thing that 's going to help a person having a stroke is to get them to a medical facility as quickly as possible . now i 'm going to cover a test which is called a cincinnati stroke scale and this is going to demonstrate a quick way that you can determine if someone is having a stroke or not . this is just a better way to identify the symptoms of a stroke . it 's based on three factors , the first factor is going to be the facial droop . as we discussed earlier , the facial droop , what you want to do is when you 're talking with someone , you want them to show you a big smile and if you can have them show you their teeth . so you want to do a big smile , get all those muscles in the face working . if it 's positive for a stroke it 's going to look like this . if they 're able to smile with both sides looking equal , then there 's a good chance that that test is going to come back negative . the next step is called pronated drifter , arm drift . what you want to do is you want to have the person that you suspect having a stroke , you want to have them put their arms straight up in front of them like this and you want them to close their eyes . if they 're healthy and not having problems from the stroke , then both arms will stay up and just have them close their eyes for a few seconds and their arms will stay up . if they 're not and they 're showing signs of a stroke , one of their arms are going to drift down by their self , they wo n't be able to hold it up . the final test is you want to test their speech and see how their speech is . so what you can do is you can give them a simple phrase to say such as you ca n't teach an old dog new tricks . or some type of simple phrase , it 's going to test . and what you test with that is you see if they 're able to speak clearly without slurring their speech or without garbled speech . if they 're showing signs of a stroke , they 're speech is n't going to be very clear , and it 's going to be garbled speech or it might not be clear . they might also be confused in terms of repeating the statement that you ask them to repeat . so with all those , there 's three different things , if they test positive being that they 're showing the symptoms that means that will lead to a good possibility that they 're having a stroke . again the quickest thing that you want to do is to call medical personnel as soon as possible , get them to a hospital as quickly as you can . with that test , if they pass everything and they 're not showing signs , those signs does n't necessarily mean that they 're not having a stroke . and so the potential of still having a stroke is still there , but it 's still a good idea to get them seeing be a medical personnel .
FT7uX3kYins alright then , you might remember that earlier we cut a square piece that 's the same size as the outside of this shaft here and we drilled a hole right in the middle of it . the same size hole that we drilled in the base we drilled in the center . now this one does have to be in the center , because this is where all your lamp parts and the socket and the shade and everything is going to come in . if this is not in the center you 're lamp is going to look weird . so i drilled that and i also cut some trim the same way we cut all this other trim but this is wider . this trim is cut on edge and the effect of that is that it comes a little farther out and completes the trim just like it is down here . you can make this trim as wide as you want . you might want to make it a little thinner than this . this piece right here , the center piece is going to have four smooth edges . so i 've just taken the construction adhesive and stuck my trim on it and that 'll go on the top there but you leave this piece free until you 've run the wire up through , attached all your lamp hardware to this and then you set the whole thing back down on there and attach it with four nails . then the next step is , brush it off a little bit and wax it and buff it .
_fwQ_rTO-CY what i have here are eight completed rows , which is what i use for this pattern . this is eventually going to be a scarf . but this is eight rows high for each of these pieces on a different color . what i 'm going to show you how to do now is to add a different color to your rib crochet . now , just like any other crochet piece , whenever you finish , you have chains sitting on top , which makes it so easy to change your colors because you got all these little marks right there . and , of course , you could try to add it to the side , but this is all crazy and stuff . so , it makes it so easy to have these nice chains . now , to start a new color , just take your yarn and wrap it around your finger till we get that little pretzel-shaped thing . use your yarn to hook it right there and pull it . and we 've got our first loop . now , with your loop on your needle , you 're going to want to go to the edge . and it 's kind of hard to find because , of course , the edge is curled up . but you just want to go at least one to the outside of the chain that 's sitting on top of your double crochet . like , this chain is sitting right here on top , and you want to go to the one before it . and , you see , i 've got that chain and my loop , and i 'm going to pull my yarn around . and then , since i got these two white loops on there , i 'm going to pull one more through , and tighten everything down . and now , my new color is connected . now , i 've got one loop on my needle . going to chain one and chain two , because i 'm going to keep my same pattern , like i 've been using on this . all i was doing was adding a new color . so , i 'm going to keep the double crochet going across , and i 'm going to show you how to make sure that you keep up with your pattern when you add your double crochets all the way around , to keep this pattern going .
CEJUwJKwfNE so in this clip , we 've got our kite pumped up . we just went through all the strenuous , grueling pumping that is required to become a participant in this sport . if you 're a lucky guy , you got a scuba tank , or some sort of an electric compressor that 's going to do the job for you . but if you 're just the average joe , there 's really no way to beat it . all you 've got to use is this double action pump here . once you get it to the point where you think it 's inflated enough ; i mean , sometimes there 's a little pressure gauge here . but do n't always judge on that ; you 've got to really judge it by feel . you hear that ? it 's kind of like a dull thud right there . you want to hear a nice high pitched ping . but more importantly , if you try and bend the profile of the kite ; if it 's very easily bendable , then you know you 've got to pump up a little bit more . you want a very rigid structured kite . that way , your kite is just going to fly perfectly and appropriately . if there 's not enough air in here , what could happen while the kites up there , because the leading edge of this kite is supported by this bridle , the kite could actually buckle under the pressure if there 's not enough air in there giving it proper structure . so , rather than putting your kite up , having that happen , and having to come in and reset up the entire thing , the first time around just make sure there 's enough air in this . and then most importantly , once you have everything inflated , you want to reach right inside here , and get these clips . clip if off , so you 're isolating the struts . that way , in the event that air comes out , something happens , there 's a pin hole in here , you hit a piling or something ; god forbid , then you 're going to have air isolated in separate compartments . and that 's going to allow you to do a safe self rescue . you can float in all the way just so long as you clip these little things right here .
_Eg2eWaNF2c another variation of the switch pop shove it is to do a switch varial flip . so basically you 're just adding a flip into your switch pop shove it . so what you 're going to do is , you 're going to set up in a very similar position as the switch pop shove it . you 're rolling switch and your sending the board over 180 , but now you 're adding a flip it to it . so it 's based on the switch flip and the switch shove it combined . so , you take your tail in the switch ollie , you kick your foot off the end of the tail and you cause the board to flip and you send it backside in the way that you can see , that 's in front of you . you wait for it to finish flipping and then you land back on the board and you continue rolling switch . some of the tricks you 'll need to learn before doing the switch varial flip is you 'll have to have the switch pop shove it very good . you 'll also have to have switch kick flips pretty good too . both of these tricks combined will give you the motion of a switch varial flip .
3CXIR7V--tk ok , let 's talk about another point that we can use on the bass to help us establish where we are . and that 's going to be our high e-flat . now for how high d , this here , we know e-flat is just the next note up . however , instead of jumping to this from an open string like we were able to do with the d , we 're going to be starting from the closed e-flat note up here . so , we have our e-flat , our fifth which is b-flat , and that 's the note that we 're going for . now every bass is a little different so you 're going to have to establish that position for yourself . on this bass i know that when my arm hits the heel of the neck here and i 'm at the top , i have to reach past where i am a little bit to get to the e-flat . and the notes that you can reach if you get your first finger on the e-flat will be e-flat , e , f and f-sharp . the notes are closer together here . so you can get . i think most people of average build will be able to get four notes on most of the strings there . so practice working on that and jumping from your e-flat to your high e-flat .
eOCzDL-1dOw what i have in my hands here now is a milk snake , this particular guy is part of the colubridae family as all milk snakes are . there 's two different types of snake , boyd 's and colubridae 's in the reptile family . the colubridae 's tend to be a thinner , faster , snake than the boyd 's are . this one in particular is trying very hard to do some mimicry coloration and look a awful lot like a coral snake which is a highly venomous snake in the south america type region . the coral snake has a similar color and pattern , perhaps you 've heard the rhyme `` red touches yellow kills a fellow , red touches black a venom lack '' . this is in response to the colors of the coral snake verses the milk snake . the coral snake 's bands are red , yellow , black , as opposed to red , black , yellow , on this particular milk snake . now again , any snake in the wild should be treated as a dangerous snake until properly identified . some coral snakes do n't follow that coloration rule so always be careful when you 're ever handling a snake like this out of the wild but i know this is a milk snake , it 's been a captive born snake . usually , these guys are tend to be a little bit flighty though this one 's being very , very , well behaved for me . they get about four to six feet at adult size and like i said tend to be a little nervous but this guy 's being very well behaved . usually , they 're kind of quick to poop on you when you handle them or to try to run away but this one is being very , very , nice today . other things to note on colubridae 's , they do n't have the heat pits like boyd 's do and pythons particular . there 's that heat sensing apparatus is n't there , they do n't sense heat as well . there much more of a smelling snake with that tongue and the jacobson 's organ like we talked about before .
DA5ji3WbkP4 my name is james , computer hardware training coordinator for interconnection , and i 'm going to show you how to install your printer . the first step , you 've got to buy your printer . you should also have a computer for this . now , what you 're going to do is , at home i imagine a lot of you guys have a usb printer so you 're going to have a little port like this , takes this connector . the printer should come with this cable , otherwise you can go to your local electronics store and pick them up for five dollars or so . so what you do is you take this end , install it right in here , take the other end which very well might look a little different , install this end of the usb right in here . now usb cables , as you see , there 's no way you can install them backwards . they only fit in one way so you do n't have to worry about that . once you have your printer installed , turn your computer on , your computer should recognize the printer . what i like to do , especially with all the hewlett-packard printers , and printers similar to this , is just see if your computer recognizes it right off the bat . that way you do n't have to install any software and it 's just a little cleaner on your computer . you do n't have to install a bunch of stuff to gum it up . now if that does n't work , you just take the software that you have with your printer , install it and your printer should work great . if you do n't have the disc to your printer , do n't worry , you usually can just google the model printer that you have , find the manufacturer 's website , download the driver , and you should be off an running . my name 's james and i just showed you how to install your printer .
3SOseg_TBSQ this is an option that has basically become a standard in most tournament double pinochle events . before you can declare or be eligible i should say , declare anything , before you can name the trump suit and before you can become declarer , you absolutely positively , no exceptions , no almost had it 19 points , none of that , you absolutely have to have a combined 20 meld in your partner 's hand and your hand , there are no exceptions . if you named in this hand diamonds and you did not have 20 meld which i do n't think you do here this is a hurting puppy , you 're set , because if your partner had no meld , there 's nothing here in diamonds but a single marriage beyond a suit so that 's only 4 and i do n't see anything here . you do n't have queens all around you do n't have aces all around , you do n't have kings all around , and you ? re cooked . you are cooked and dead from the get go . you absolutely have to have 20 meld . now if your partner has 20 meld then it is the combined meld between the two hands that determines whether you have made the basic requirement for turning the hand . it 's not just having a powerful trump suit it is having 20 meld . it does not matter if he has 10 and you have 10 or you have 20 and he has none and of course the more the merrier because if you had a 50 bid a bear bone 50 bid and you only had 20 meld you are still going to have to go shag out 30 counters . this hand is pretty decent though because it does have its powerful diamond suit even though it is missing a couple of its hops , your partner may have an ace or two for you and you do have two side aces but the hand is crippled by the fact that you have got somewhat of a balanced shape here . still you have to have 20 meld . now if somebody is bidding like a banshee and they are going 51 , 53 , 57 , 60 , you can rest assured that they probably have the meld . i mean there has been a lot of heavy duty exchanging there .
35cxW8qKt8M hi , i am tamal bhattacharya , speaking on behalf of expert village . today 's subject answers the question of `` what is a mural ? '' experimenting with murals has become a significant artistic activity . this is an example of a mural . first , i made the disc . i then made the three bowls , cutting off a portion of one side to create a flat surface . i attached the bowls to the disc round side up and stacked . lastly , i scratched my drawings on the disc as an accent around the bowls . i can mount my mural in a frame for hanging and it would be considered a mini-mural . we could also create a larger size mural for the wall . or , i can hang by mural by putting screw holes in the disc prior to drying . any object activity on a wall surface is a mural . mini-terracotta murals are not only a painting but has a two dimensional quality .
amS1ebXoVzc hi , i 'm april kirkhart with work of heart yoga . and today my friend katie fernando and i will be demonstrating yoga for women who are in their third trimester of pregnancy and prenatal yoga . as a word of caution , all women , especially those who are pregnant or who have injuries should make sure that they speak with their physician or health care provider before engaging in any kind of new physical activity including yoga . so please be mindful of how your body feels throughout your practice . if anything does n't feel right , please stop whatever pose you 're in the middle of . come out of the pose slowly . and then if you need to go ahead and check in with your health care provider . so i guess we 're ready to begin . thanks katie . so these are some of the props you 'll want to have for third trimester of pregnancy and prenatal yoga . you 'll want to have a sticky mat . you 'll also want to have two blocks , a strap , a wool blanket . something that 's stiffer than cotton . a bolster , and then two pillows or meditation cushions . and these are the props that will help keep you nice and stable . as well as a chair . something that is sturdy enough to hold a little bit of your weight . and we 'll make sure that we brace it against a wall or on your sticky mat to keep it stable .
24P97RdpSaw hello , my name is melissa schenk on behalf of expert village . today we 're talking about facebook and how to use it . now in this clip let 's discuss the application feature . there so many so first let 's go through each of them and see what facebook has to offer . back now on the profile page you 'll notice the applications to the left hand side . we 've got some applications posted here like photos , groups and events . to the right hand side of that , click edit . we 'll edit our applications and you can see here these are all the applications that i have on my profile . you can see events , groups , you can even get your horoscope . now let 's say i wanted to edit those settings , you 'll see that in the middle of the screen , you can edit any of those , you can even get a description about them , back to the right hand side or remove these applications . let 's say i wanted to browse for more , you got it click that at the top of the screen . when we 're browsing you can see pages 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 and next , there are quiet a bit pages to browse from . you can get everything from videos , to movie information , to you name it it is on there and so as you 're browsing through these different various applications , you 'll see it is limitless and endless and you can add as many applications as you want . now that you 've had an overview of some of the applications within facebook let 's take a look of each of them individually . in particularly in the next upcoming clip let 's describe photographs and also slide shows .
dpOEwFdXKSs pop up cans are a lot of fun . we 've already gone ahead and cut the outside paper . now we need to cut the paper that 's going to fit over the top of the can . so for this again , i 'm going to use my carousel . and what you can do , is you can use this as a template . and just kind of , figure out where you need to go . so i need to go in , one , two , three , four . so i 'm going to go ahead and sit this , on top of my paper . and i 'm going to use the same paper . you could us a coordinating color , you could use solid card stock . whatever you like . so i set for , one , two , three , four . i 'm going to go ahead . and remember , when you do , ever you use your carousel , you want to go ahead and poke it in , in a ninety degree angle . try to slide a nice , smooth cut . go ahead and do the other side up . always cover it , back up , too . because that thing is very sharp . i learned that , the hard way . and then , when your paper snips , just come in and snip up that last little bit . and if you need to , if you have any knubbers , just take your little sanding block and smooth those out . now let 's just give this a dry fit . we want this to be able to fit underneath . and what i 'm going to do , this will be fine . i 'm just going to make a slit , as we use this . so now , we have our outside paper cup . we have the paper cup , for the top . and now we can start , putting it altogether .
1joPNyRKT78 ok , remember that when you are sitting in a stool it 's a little bit different than sitting in a chair on the floor . so what i want you to do is once again think about your legs ladies . keep the knees together . keep the legs crossed . ladies keep in mind i keep my right foot in front . i place my left foot behind the right and then i place it on the step of the stool . resting the legs this feels much more comfortable than dangling or them with the knees apart . which is very unattractive as we know . so keep your hands again to the side . keep your posture maintain it and in a stool your going to find you 're going to sit a little bit deeper into the seat of the chair . than you do a chair on the floor because your feet are now lifted from the floor . so you 're unable to keep that security with your feet on the floor . this is why you want to keep the right foot in front . the left one behind and a little bit of placement with the feet diagonal . on the right side of the chair here . while i rest my hands on the left hip . so it gives your body balance and a lot of security while sitting high up in a stool . which is raised up off the floor .
aAc-w3tnxbs hi . i 'm michael seto . i 'm a professional photographer in new york city . in this clip we 're going to talk about starting to light your piece of jewelry and beginning to work with that light to get the image that you want . as i look through the view finder at this piece in the center , i realize that the one light was n't giving me the reflections off of the gold chain or the brass chain there that i really like . so what i did was , i brought a second light in and turned that on and now i 'm much happier with the , the reflection that i 'm getting . it looks a little more even and it 's coming out very nicely . when you 're starting and working through trial and error , you want to start simple . go with one light first , see how that looks . if you need another light , then add a second light and that way as you build upon your setup for each piece , you can come out with the exact image that you 're looking for . whether you 're putting in reflectors or taking or adding away light , that 's going to give you the final image that 's going to impress your client and hopefully impress the people you 're working with . thanks .
BuOeazWSqwI for this project we 're going to use a range of materials and you can really expand on this however you see fit . we want to make sure that we 're working in a space because we 're using some glue , some glitter that is a clean space possibly a table cloth , a kitchen table an area that can get a little messy . we 're going to be using pipe cleaners and you want to choose pipe cleaners that are bright and colorful because our fish we want to be tropical , exciting and bright . so we have the black pipe cleaners which will form the original part of the body and we 're going to use the color pipe cleaners for the outside in the decorative part . we 're also going to use a little bit of glitter , glue to apply the glitter . we have googly eyes and possibly some sequins . we may even be adding in some tissue paper to give it a little bit more movement especially if we 're going to use it in a mobile . we have glitter to apply to the tissue paper which will make a little bit shinier , give you that tropical fish feeling . we also are going to use a little bit of string in order to hook our , create a loop for the hook of our fish .
dd9vlslm7CE one of the questions i get asked about a lot is ginseng . and there 's a lot misunderstanding about ginseng . it 's a wonderful herb and you read lots of medical reports and news reports about ginseng , but one thing that confuses people a lot is that there 's different types of ginseng , and depending on which type you take , you may have good or really bad results from it . so this is a particular form of chinese ginseng , which we say is very hot . there 's an even hotter form called korean ginseng , and then there 's a cooling form , known as american ginseng . so for menopausal women who are experiencing hot flashes and night sweats and may have been recommended ginseng , it 's oftentimes most beneficial to take the american ginseng . for a person who feels cold and is always bundling up and hates the air conditioning , and is feeling fatigued , the chinese or the korean ginseng may be helpful . there 's another one , called eleuthero ginseng that is not really a ginseng , but it 's talked about as if it is , that one is from siberia , and that particular one we say is more drying , and all of them provide energy . so if you 're finding that you 're ... got a lot of sinus problems and kind phlegmy , the siberian or eleuthero ginseng might be the most helpful one for you . so if you 've had poor results with ginseng before , consult an acupuncturist or an herbalist who can best prescribe it , or think about the different energetics of the different ginsengs . so chinese and korean are very hot , american ginseng is cooling , and the siberian or eleuthero ginseng is more drying . thanks .
F7l_DOlx1Uo hi ! i 'm doug smiddy with smiddy 's gardening services here on behalf of expertvillage.com . today we are going to talk about how to plant , grow and harvest potatoes . okay now it 's time to hill our potatoes and why do we hill potatoes ? because we want to bring the soil up against the plant . you can see i 've already hilled it once . that is where your potato is going to grow and if potatoes are exposed to the sunlight , they are going to turn green and it is true what they say eating green potatoes can make you sick . so this will go back to why we dug a trench . we have all the soil you can see to hill with . we do n't have to dig any more holes . i just take my hoe just nice and gently . i am going to bring it up on the side of the stem and make it nice and high . a little bit on one side and i am going to come over and do it on the other side nice and gently , just like that and that will support the plant and give those potatoes room to grow and in a couple of weeks , we are going to harvest some beautiful potatoes out of that .
08JotxFsA4Y now that we have a clean palette , we 're going to move on to the eyebrows . i 'm going to go ahead and fill in amy 's eyebrows , you can use eyebrow liner , in this case i 'm going to use powder . a lot of makeup artists that i know , use powder as well instead of the actual liner , it just gives it a softer , more subtle look than the harshness of a liner . so , i 'm going to pick out the color that i think is closest to her eyebrow and i 'm going to use an angled brush like this , and this is my favorite brush for filling in the eyebrows , i use it on myself , i use it on all of my clients , this brush , you can get this brush pretty much at every makeup counter . i 'm not sure if you can get it at drugstores , but i know you can get it at every makeup counter , you can get it at you can get it at any beauty supply store . so , you 're just going to take a little of that eye shadow is what i 'm using . and another cool little trick is so that i do n't lift makeup off of her skin , i 'm going to apply the puff onto her cheek and rest my hand here while i apply the eye shadow onto her eyebrow or fill in her eyebrows . so , now i 'm just taking this angled brush and i 'm stroking upwards , filling in her eyebrows where it 's needed and then i 'll come back for more product once i run out and you want to just again slough off some of the excess eye shadow that you may have . see how it 's filling in really nicely ? the difference between the two eyebrows ( can i have your chin over here ? ) ? same thing , i put the puff down , so i do n't lift off of her skin on yourself you probably would n't do this , but if you 're playing with somebody else ? s eyebrows and filling in somebody else ? s eyebrows if you , it 's a good little trick so that you do n't lift off any of the foundation . that 's filling in eyebrows !
d5woz0Kr8GY now let 's take one of our other felt markers , which is not black , and we 're going to do some coloring exercise here . we 're going to first apply a very basic layer of a warmer gray to our cat . generally stay inside the lines , i 'm not super focused on the lines but i generally try to keep my ink inside them . now you 're going to notice actually here , i 'm going to keep a large section of the whiskers white . that 's so they 're actually going to stand out a bit . this cat 's going to have a little facial coloration . just keep extending the color down here over the paws . this is going to be a relatively monochrome cat , all the way up into the edge of the tail . now for the eyes , i recommend having a more brilliant color . oftentimes if you have kind of a more of a matte , dusty color for the coat , let 's bring in something interesting for the eyes . in this case , a strong gold , almost an orange color for our cat . now other things you can also do is you can bring in other pigments in addition to what you 've already drawn in . so in this case , i have a darker , cooler gray . if i want a little more shading , a couple of little back sweeps on these lines will add depth , and also a little more shadow . you can even put them on the inside of some of the lines to kind of , again , emphasize the shape . i really like putting a little bit of extra color in the back of the tail . if you want to add a little bit more motion sense , you can draw little squiggles around here as well . to kind of emphasize the cat is batting it 's tail , it 's moving it 's tail around , it 's agitated . you can also do a quick little squiggle of lines at the top , which is basically a universal cartoon symbol for , `` i 'm not very happy right now '' .
e8PMAa2NxFQ now , if you could turn around please , stand up towards face me . you can aim this palm heel strike to areas other than the nose . the second place i want to show you where you can go with your palm heel strike is actually to the ribs . now , to go to the ribs you do n't want to keep your palm straight up and down like we were doing it to the nose because you can see right here how that 's perfect for hitting the nose . you want to rotate your hands sideways so that your fingers are pointing outside , okay sideways . now , aiming with heel still you want to direct towards the ribs and it will hurt , trust me . getting knocked in the ribs with a palm heel strike does n't feel pleasant . so then you just go like this , like this , like this . so a little combo action for you ; you can go 1 , 2 , 3 , 4. for the third palm heel strike , you 're going to love this one ladies . where do you think it 's aiming towards ? the groin , yes the other vital area that has no muscular protection . to adjust our palm heel strike for that area you 're not going to go like this , you 're not going to go like this , you 're going to turn it upside down . okay , fingers are pointing straight down . so with our fist pull back you can be in somewhat in a stance , you just need to aim down directly and hard . so , pulling your fist back , fingers are pointed down , you 're aiming with the heel , you 're going to go down with focus and direction . you do n't want to like miss because you 'll hit belly button , you might hit like thigh and that 's not going to do anything you might hurt your wrist . you want to make sure that you 're aiming right here and put some shoulder into it . okay , so let 's review palm heel strike to the nose , to the ribs , and to the groin . that 's palm heel strike .
1NTA_WXdOdk so we 've just saved a polka dot on a white background for my background image . but while i 'm in photoshop , i 'm going to go ahead and show you how to save a transparent gif file . and these are helpful because you can change the actual background color of your website and the transparency will show through . and so , let 's cancel here and start from scratch . i 'm going to select all and delete . and then go into my background and delete all that . and so , in photoshop when you see the checkers that means that there 's nothing there and it 's just a transparent file . so , i 'm going to go back in and draw my polka dot again , but with nothing in the background . as opposed to the white that i had last time . so , there that is . now we have a yellow polka dot that 's kind of floating over nothing . now i 'm going to go back up here and save for web . and i 'm going to save it as a gif file . there 's no such thing as a transparent jpeg unfortunately . but , down here , i want to make sure that i have transparency clicked . because you see the difference . it 's changing from a white background to the checkerboard which means that it 's transparent . and so , i 'm going to save that transparent file . and i 'm going to save it as background dot and trans for transparent . so i can know the differences . and i 'm going to show you in the background file what the differences are for these two different types of files .
CM81K4Lhczc on behalf of expertvillage.com , my name is stan and i 'm here to tell you about theater resources for community theater . how select our plays . the past season that we just went through was typical of our play selection process . you need to be very strategic about selecting your plays . you want to have some variety in your season . you want to incorporate different elements into different plays that will help build your audience . that 's one of the reasons your board should really make the final play selections . let me tell you about the ones that we had this past season . we started the previous season with a show called the ransom of red chief . we selected that show because it 's a very funny o. henry play , very heart warming , and it has several children in the cast . casting a play with children is important for community theaters because when you cast children in a play you involve their parents and their relatives and your audience builds tremendously and you get a lot more volunteers involved in your theater , people that want to come see these kids perform . one of our board members if very strong on us having a play with children in it and that 's the main reason we chose this one . it was a big success for us and we had a huge audience and we got a lot of new volunteers because we did that show . the second show that we did this past season was a suspense drama called wait until dark . it 's a very taut suspense drama . the last act is performed totally in the dark on the stage with the audience totally blacked out too , and you 're just hearing things happen for a while . that was difficult play to do , difficult set , difficult acting challenges , but fortunately , our members were up to it . it was a lot of hard work but it was a big success and the audience just loved it . it 's not always a mistake to do something that 's challenging . people appreciate it when you do a challenging play . the last show we did was a forest called run for you wife , a british comedy about a taxi driver with 2 apartments and 2 wives and trying to keep those wives from finding out about each other . that was a very show and it was a lot of fun . the trick there was we wanted to do it with a british accent if we could because it 's just funnier that way . it 's written for british dialect . luckily , we found local actors who could either do the accent and in one case was an englishman . we were fortunate in finding the people who could act in that play . we could have done it with just american english and it would have been very funny as well , but i do think the english accent made it funnier and we were lucky to be able to do that . we had a sort of a comedy involving children , we had a suspense thriller and we had a comedy . that 's a pretty good balance for a season if you 're doing 3 shows .
1dLchY8R6tU in this segment i 'm going to talk about single whip . this is the signature movement of tai chi , and according to some of my teachers , the most important movement of tai chi . so beginning from push we 're going to , in the yang style , turn around 180 degrees . so we turn on the heel , let the arms follow , there are variations to this . shift back , turn on the toe , lifting the heel . we draw the foot back , drawing the hands back across the body forming a crane 's beak of hook with our right hand . the most common error i see here , is that people draw the hands into the body , crushing the egg inside of their armpit . so we bring the hands across the body . if you need to , turn the hip a little bit , because what we need to do here is to step to the left a little bit . if you do not step to the left you 'll be standing on a narrow board . so stand a little bit to the left , pushing with the back leg , when you get beyond halfway , you turn the hips and open the arms outward . the left hand ends up facing 45 degrees forward . so not all the way here , not here , 45 degrees forward . this being your striking surface . the right hand , the wrist is pushing up and out , the shoulder is open , being vertical . so we 're going out in this direction , going out in this direction , going out in this direction . so it 's a very extended movement . being mindful not to tighten the back shoulder . just go outward with every single limb .
aHDHfplvA8w on behalf of expert village , i am eric williams and i am here to tell you about reading music . okay we 've covered the treble clef and now let 's cover the bass cleft . students say why are there 2 different clefs . why do i learn these note and then when i finally almost get this one right and now i 've got to learn a whole other series of notes . well the answer is the treble clef goes with instruments that are more high pitched . the bass clef usually goes with instruments that are more low pitched . up in the treble clef , you have your trumpets and your flutes and most of the time guitar . in the bass clef , you have your instruments like bass guitar , tuba , the lower pitched string bass . if you are singing in choir , you might want to learn how to read music . a lot of times the sopranos and the alto , the female voices are in the treble clef and the males voices bass and baritone and sometimes even tenor end up in the bass clef . so it would be nice if they were congruent with each other and symmetric but music does n't work out that way . so we need to learn a whole new series or lines and spaces and memorize them to make the bass clef work . the base clef works with a little hook right here and goes all the way around and has 2 dots . the dots go above and below the f line and you might say why is this the f line ? on the treble clef , that is the d line . well remember everything you can about the treble clef but increase your brain power and remember the bass clef too because they are different . this is f on the bass clef and that same line , that same note on the treble clef is a d. just deal with it . the bottom goes g , b , d , f , a , and you could use good boys do fine . always the spaces go a , c , e , g and a lot of people use all cows eat grass . okay if you want to learn it the other way you can go g , e , a , b , c , d , e , f , g , starting over again on a. so in my mind a lot of times the bass clef is a little bit easier because the musical alphabet starts right here with a and you go a , b , c , d , e , f , g and start over again on a. you know to me it is a little bit easier . anyway we 've got good boy do fine , all cows eat grass . work on it , memorize it , love it and make it your own . but by all means do n't forget the treble clef , you 've got to memorize both . that 's the challenge .
aI2dF-9uWtU another striking technique we want to be able to have in our tool belt for women 's self defense , is the ability to strike against an overhead strike , be it an open hand strike , or maybe a bottle or a pan or whatever it could be . i want to use my instinct , my natural reflex here . if somebody 's coming up , you would naturally do this . this is a good protective framework . i 'm automatically doing this . as i do this , now , let 's just step out to the side just a little bit and now you can see teresa 's ribs are very exposed . i want to create a nice firm striking surface , and i like to use a pointed knuckle . as i come in , basically where the seam of her shirt is right here is a good target and come just the inside . as i do , i push and drive through . she comes in here and i want to come in and use my entire body . do n't worry about making a big punch or a very technically sound motion . i just want to blast my hand in there with a pointed surface . very simple , very short , sweet and to the point . boom ! right here . let 's let teresa give it a try . right there . good . good ! and that 's a good striking technique for an overhead attack .
cU_AiNGEFkw in this clip we 're going to discuss fats domino , who i 'm sure most everybody has heard at least one or two of his songs . now , fats domino was not the greatest piano player per se . in actuality , most of his piano recordings were done by an artist named james booker . however , fats domino did change the course of music , being one of the first nationally mainstream pop musicians to emerge from new orleans . and he did a lot of the same things that we saw professor longhair doing with his left hand , as far as bass lines go using the 1 , 3 , and the 5 . ( demo ) the one thing that fats did do though , was incorporate more 12 , 8 , or 3 feel to the music . so instead of your , you know professor longhair ( demo ) one , two , three , four . we had more of a sing-songy dance feel like ( demo ) . nothing too complex but it 's something that everybody can feel the rhythm of .
2W06N61-uaU on behalf of expert village , i am debbie reeves at john 's design center and i am here to tell you about custom picture framing . one of the first things that you want to do is choose the kind of mats you want . we have lots of different kinds of mats . we have rag mats which are conservation acid free . these will help protect your pictures for the next hundred years . we also have fabric mats that have many different kinds of textures . these have a leather so that you could choose one of those . we also have suede matting . this gives you a little different texture than if you just used a regular white mat . then , you also have mats that have designs on them ; ones that have leaves on them , or we have ones like this . so , we have lots of different choices than just a simple white mat .
eADO6uxY_YU hi , my name is dave andrews and today i 'm going to explain to you what a video card is . now a video card is a chip or a card that 's inside of your computer , and basically it converts the digital video signals that are being processed by your computer , into something that an output hardware can understand and display , such as a computer monitor , like an lcd monitor that 's on my laptop here , or one of those big crt monitors that were like the older style televisions were . i 'm going to show you on the computer how to see what type of video card you 're running . just right-click on my computer on desktop and then click on manage . in vista , you have to be an administrator to do this . let 's just click on continue . and we 're going to find under the system tools , we 're going to find the device manager . now , after we click on device manager , we 're presented with a list of all the hardware that 's inside of our computer . i 'm just going to expand display adapters . as you can see , i 'm running here an nvidia mcp67m video card . what displays under your display adapters is a listing of all the video cards in your computer and that is the piece of hardware inside of my laptop that is converting the signals process by the computer into something that our lcd monitor can display . my name 's dave andrews and i 've just explained to you what a video card is .
1iQ5DtFbgT4 hi , my name is mary thinnes and i 'm a skin care expert . we discuss with you now pre , pre-peel instructions that are appropriate for getting the best results . you want to actually prep your skin two weeks prior to getting your first chemical peel . and by prepping the skin at home what i mean is , you know , if you have hyper pigmentation you want to use your lightning creams that i mentioned before . you also want to start doing your papayas , papayas at home . you can actually do this at home and leave it on for twenty minutes without steam and that actually will help break up those dead skin cells . obviously you do n't want to do this every night because then you will get a really deep peel when you actually do the peel . you want to do it like once every third night and the papaya maybe twice a week for those two weeks . also you want to stay out of the sun . tanned skin actually is not a good skin to do a peel on or burned skin for that matter because its so sensitive . you also do n't want to do any , any waxing prior to getting a peel . and those are just things you to need to keep in mind before actually doing a chemical peel .
Dh9XkH0EOMA this is john and in this clip we will be identifying our problems . now there 's a couple problems with our storm door . fist off , it is not a very high quality storm door . it 's made of weak materials and it 's not very insulated . additionally , the home owner wants a white storm door with the nickel colored hardware . now our main entry door also does not have an insulation value that we would like . so we 're going to be replacing that with a better insulated door . now on the inside of our door , when the door is shut we can see light through it and that is not a good sign . additionally , the trim was damaged at some point , so we 're going to be replacing that also . now additionally , there is a significant amount of air that leaks through the door on the bottoms , on the sides and on the top . so by installing a new door , we 're hoping to fix our air leak . now lastly , with a storm door , our storm door that we 're going to be purchasing will have a screen in it where as this one does not . that 's going to really help the air circulation inside the house .
23FtuKT8mUw amanda claire : all right , so we 're going to start talking about equipment , what you need to start getting into this . the first thing , kind of obvious , is you need a place to work , it 's nice to have a place with a lot of light but you need a workbench . you need a table that you can kind of clear away and kind of have you work right in front of you . what i 've got here is -- it 's about the right size , maybe a little bit small because i have a bunch of things on it right now . i might not normally have everything that i use for circuit bending on the table at one time and i 've just kind of done that here because we 're making these videos , but you do want a space that kind of a nice space you can clear and put your project in front of you , a place where your soldering iron is handy . if you 're right handed you put it over here , if you 're left handed you put it over there , kind of obvious . whatever the material that the workbench is made out of is kind of important . this one 's made out of wood which means i want to be kind of maybe extra careful about where my soldering iron is and make sure it 's in the stand , right ? or in the standalone stand so that i do n't burn my workbench . and the same is true for other materials , one thing that you can get for a highly combustible surfaces like a wooden surface is . if you want to , you can get a heat resistant work surface at like -- i guess you can go to a hardware store or lumberyard and get like a concrete fiber board , something like that , or you could go to a -- lot of craft stores will sell like a metal heat-resistant work surface that 's used for like working with lamp work , with glass and that kind of thing . so yeah , workbench that 's about the right size , you can have your soldering iron there , you want to be near an electrical outlet where you can put the soldering iron and have enough space to work .
0EXgSf1yN-0 all right , in this section , i 'm going to explain to you step five of the breath stroke . now , this is going to be your upper body that you 're going to use . what you 're going to want to do is your hands are going to want to be not open-handed ; you 're going to want them actually closed , and in a prayer position . and you 're going to be like this right in the center of your chest , so not in the lower part of your chest , and not up here , just right on the center . so again , closed hands ; no open gaps , right ; prayer position , thumbs in like this , and then you 're just aiming like in the chest . so , you 're going to be like this when you 're doing breath stroke , to start off , in prayer position . and that 's step five when you 're beginning the breath stroke . in this section of the breath stroke it 's a continuation of step five , and it 's going to be the way you 're going to place your hands . so again , remember , no open hands , make sure that they 're closed like prayer position , and it 's close to the chest , okay ? so , when you start off doing breath stroke , i showed you how to do your legs , and you want to make sure that your arms are like this under the water . so when you 're doing it , it 's going to be just like this , okay ? so you 're in prayer position . this is your starting point , right here . not open hands , not out like this ; just really close to the body ; tight , in prayer position .
dtVAgWig2bc so , i 'm going to set my chicken into the center of a pyrex dish , this is a 13 x 11. i 've got an apple peeled here and i 'm gong to core it . i love these things . this was a williams sonoma present for me and it 's so cool . it automatically cores my apples , i love it . and i want to cut this apple . i 'm going to cut it in half , take this little piece off here and this little piece off here . and i want to do a half and then some nice wedges like that . because these are going to roast up really nice . i 'm just going to put these around my roasted chicken . now , let 's do this apple right here . and let 's give this a cut in half . these are just going to add some really nice flavor . get some core out of there . and do n't worry if you 've a seed in there , it 's not a big deal . do n't worry about the size , they 're going to cook down . grab a couple of shallots . i 'm just going to slice these and i want these to be very rustic . i 'm taking off the head and the tail , removing my skins . generally , you 'll see a double head in the shallot . i 'm just going to pull that open , slip that right in there . pull this guy open . he 's a little bit bigger . i want to give him a cut in half . a little more room . and we 've got one more here . this guy we 're not going to use . this guy 's been sitting around a little too long . we only need those two shallots in there . and i 'm just going to cut these in quarters , we 've got a shallot in there it 's going to give us a nice little bit of flavor . and i 've got some garlic heads . this is an entire garlic glove . these are really cool . trader joe 's has these . i love trader joe 's , they 're my favorites . and i can just peel the skin off . now , you could actually leave the skin on , it really would n't matter , because we 're going to take these out . but , you know , sometimes i like to eat the garlic when it 's been roasted , so i like the skin off , then i can just indulge in the succulence of the roasted garlic . so , we 've got one , two . head off , cut that in half . and i find this garlic is a little milder than regular garlic , which is kind of nice too . take the skin off here . i 'm going to put this over here . and this side over here . and i have a little bit of sauce left over from my last apple puree that i did , so i 'm going to put this around my chicken , along with a little bit of chicken stock , because it 's also going to keep it moist . not a lot , just a little bit . and into the 400 degree oven it 's going to go . and we 're ready . oh , before we put it into 400 degree oven , again a little bit of salt and pepper on the apples and on the garlic , could n't hurt . little seasonings always nice . and then into our 400 degree oven . beautiful . and it 's time to clean .
dRwRaM4nTUU my name is owen roth and in this clip i 'll be talking about framing for a video interview . when framing you want to have a couple of things in mind . one , what are you going to be using the video for , or the interview for , in the video , whether it 's going to stand by itself , be inter-cut with other interviews , be roll footage , or maybe even other , how many cameras you have for the interview . because if you have multiple cameras , you can have one that 's tight on the face and another master shot which is a wide shot , and you can inter-cut back and forth between the cameras when one does n't work . so that can dictate how you frame . but if you only have one camera and no camera operator , so it 's just you , you might want to just get a nice medium frame where you 've got their whole face and maybe part of their body , and just leave it there on the tripod , hit `` record '' , and then you can start your interview session . that way if the person being interviewed moves around , you 've got a lot of room to play with , so they do n't go in and out of frame , and it does n't lose focus . or , if you want to add a little bit more energy to it , you could take the camera off a tripod , and add a little bit of shake to it . and if you 're inter-cutting this with other things for specific subjects like maybe extreme sports or bmx , in the interview of a bmx rider or something like that , and you 're inter-cutting it with that footage of someone riding a bmx , and then go back to the interview and it 's a static shot it might be boring , so then having a little bit of shake in the interview and coming in for a close shot and whatnot , that might add the energy that you 're looking for . so you really want to play around with it . and the other thing is you might want to think about what 's behind the person you 're interviewing , and how you can hide that or show that , because that might add to what they 're talking about .
5wmHJ2neRQQ ok , so now , we 're hitting a ball . the wind is blowing from right to left , which means , it 's just blowing from this direction , to that direction . and how do we deal with that ? well , if i hit this ball straight down the middle of the fairway , and the wind is going from right to left , it 's going to blow it possibly into the left side of the fair way , or the left rough . or if it 's a real strong wind , it could blow it into the out of bounds on the left side . so , i have to adjust and account for that wind , so , what i 'm going to do is there 's a variety of things i can do . so i 'm using my five iron here . i could then play a thade , which means the ball is going to curl , it 's going to curl into the wind , and then the wind is going to straighten it back out . and i 'm going to move some distance doing that , but that 's one way of avoiding the ball from being pushed all the way to the left side . another thing i could do is aim more to the right , and i can hit the ball straight , and then , so if i hit the ball more to the right , the wind is going to push it right back into the middle , i hope . or , i could aim very far to the right , and use a draw , which is kind of an easy hook , so i aim really far to the right , and now by hitting a draw i 'm going to get a little more distance , so then i count , so that counteracts the wind , the distance robbing wind . so if i hit it really far to the right , the wind is going to then push it , and i might be somewhat on the right side of the fairway . so those are the ways you deal with the right to left wind . so , if i 'm going to fade the ball , i 'm going to aim to the right side , like that . and then the wind will correct it , hopefully , down the middle . and , but i might want to draw it and then really go right , so i 'm going to close the face a little bit . and then the wind is going to blow that right down the middle . so what you do n't want to do when you have a really strong right to left wind is go down the middle or even play near the left side , because the wind can push you out of bounds , or into a lot rough and trees .
DAChQtKR21c okay , now i want to talk about the most important part of public speaking . and for some strange reason it 's the part that everybody kind of tends to brush to the side . you 've picked your topic , you know your audience , you 've written a great speech . now before you deliver that speech , you must , and i emphasize must , practice . practice , practice , practice , practice . now before you can practice , you have to do something . you have to be prepared . do n't think that you can wing a speech . it just does n't happen , and it 's just so nerve racking . why would you even bother ? we 've already got you prepared . now take that preparedness and practice , practice , practice , practice . stand up in front of a mirror and deliver it to yourself . get all your friends and family , your mother , make her sit down and watch you do the speech over and over and over and over and over again . that will help you so immensely when you deliver the speech . another really important thing you need to do when you 're practicing is time it . time your speech . it is essential that you stay within your time limit . i do n't know , i guess i 've watched five hundred plus speeches in my career , i 'm sure more than that , and what i see happening is people either hit the time -- five to seven minutes -- because they practiced and they timed it , or they thought they were going to hit the time and their speech two minutes , a minute and a half or forty-seven minutes . you do n't want that to happen . be prepared , practice , and know your time .
eNfDHEPWI1o hi ! i 'm leah with refuel spa on behalf of expert village . in this next segment , i 'll be showing you how to apply the treatment gel . in our container , remember we had a clear and we also have a blue . what we 're going to do is use the blue that 's labeled treatment . what we 're going to do again is just snip off the top and we 're ready for application . with this , we 're going to want to make sure we apply the entire bottle to the skin and really going to want to layer it on pretty thick because this is half full of beneficial ingredients that are really going to promote anti-aging with the skin . we 're really going to want to apply everywhere . neckline , cheeks , specifically around the eyes or any areas that they want to concentrate on improving , which for most people is every area so really apply it on thick . i 'm going to start along the neck line here . for a lot of people this a problem area . my client has a really nice firm neck , but i still want to keep it that way so it 's really important to make sure you 're treating every inch of the face . we 'll apply along the chin . again , a fairly thick application . if your client 's skin is a little dehydrated , you might notice that they kind of suck it right up . if you need to , you might need to use 2 treatment gels or you can use a water based toner to keep is moist on the skin . go right along the forehead here . this is safe to use right over the eye . this is really packed full of ingredients like magnesium to reduce stress on the skin , vitamin to keep it nice and nourished . this gel actually has a positive charge to it . when we apply the positive current , they will actually work together and fit very deep within the skin . from there , we 're ready to apply the treatment . watch our next segment on performing the treatment .
BZMALRhBl6A so , now that we had to put in our little question there , now we want to see whether or not it is going to work within the site itself . so , we are going to do a preview , we are going to hit preview . of course , we 've got to save it . definitely want to see what is going to come up and how the button the works . how you are able to select the different items that you want in there . like i said , it is going to be way , way more extensive than what i am explaining here , because you can have a whole questionnaire , you can actually have a product or inventory page that you can actually use for this type of button . now , here we go , it just came up and we are in our web browser . what type of car do you like ? you can either pick ford , see how the colors go into when you pick something , chevy or benz .
bFWnB7lyEh8 and now we continue with the l shape traveling walk with the stretch on the ends . so let 's start out on the right foot . we take three steps forward and then we pause on that right foot and left foot goes up and we stretch . we walk back , balancing on the left foot , we stretch . we walk to the right , step touch step and we stretch . we walk to the left and we stretch . and then we walk back forward and we stretch . and then that stretch freely lets your body yawn and open . walk , step touch step , stretch . step touch step , open . so imagine like moving from the inside out like a star . you 're the star from the inside out . letting the movement radiate from the center , from your core as you stretch out , reach out . enjoy the stretch . traveling step l shape stretch .
dqbNRywGXaA in this one we are just going to cover a number of different hip stretches you can start warming up . i actually have had issues with my hips so i 've been doing these a lot lately . what you want to do is just start with your feet wider than shoulder width and just do circles here above your body this way and you are going to stretch all the way from your groin around to the outside of your hip , your quads and hamstrings and everything like that . so you 're here just doing this and then reverse it and go back the other way . then you want to really just lean out to one side . this is going to stretch all the way down one way and this is still important . remember like i said you hit your stance and you are switching . this is going to use a lot of these muscles , your quads and your hamstrings and your hips and things . you really want to make sure you do n't irritate those muscles so make sure they are nice and loose . so we lean out to one side . you should feel this all the way down and to the top of your hips here . then back this way on the opposite side . you get a lot of good pops and clicks in your back and chest from that a lot of times . then you can do them both alternating this way . this is a little bit more of a warm up for your obliques and you can do the same thing going forward . so you bring them down this way and back . forward and back . those are some things that you can help warm up your hips and stretch them out before you do your bo .
-cjui5FUrLQ so from here , once you have the feet and the legs aligned , same thing as the standing pose , you will move the left hip forward and the right hip back , pressing into the rear heel . keep the forward knee right over the ankle . notice the support you have the support of the chair , but also notice the support as you press into your legs . notice the flexibility this is bringing into your hips and your shoulders as you come up into your version of supported verbadrasana 1. either temple pose or `` v '' for victory pose . shoulders move down and back , crown lifts , the chin is leveled . all the energy is coming right on up the inhale and you can drop down a little more on the exhale . really rely on the support of the chair here , even though you feel your feet and your legs supporting you . let the chair support you , particularly if you have knee injuries or hip issues . that 's what this is for .
bCsXqj9iMpE hi , i 'm stan de freitas , mr. green thumb . one of the favorite vegetables is that of the cucumber . now , there 's different kinds of cucumber . this one happens to be called pot luck . it 's a smaller variety , but it will be growing sometimes in baskets , or you can grow it in small containers . the cucumbers are n't going to be as big as some of the large slicer type , but i found it to be a good producer . if you like the smaller cucumbers , and you want an abundance of them , the pot luck might be one of your choices . remember that cucumbers , like most vegetables , need about six hours of bright sun a day . make sure also , that you plant it in a good peaty pearlite-type soil . you want something that 's relatively sterile . if you get any kind of problems in the past soil in your container , dump the soil and go buy new soil , because if you have mildew and other things in that soil , you probably will have your next generation getting it as well . they 're also somewhat susceptible to nematodes , as are tomatoes , but it 's one of those plants , if you 've got it in bright sun , give it enough moisture , make sure it gets fed on a regular basis ; probably about every month or two , cucumbers should be a good part of your home and garden . for on gardening , i 'm stan de freitas , mr. green thumb .
4Rr4EpkSvjo hi , i 'm jan kain . and continuing on with the tai chi lesson , i 'm now going to show you the last part of the strike parry punch . so from this position right here , with the right fist into the waist , palm up , left hand by your ear . weight is slightly on the right , now you 're going to really shift towards the right side , you 're going to pick up the left , and as you step out , you 're going to gently place the heel down , heel-toe . as you shift the weight forward , you want to always make sure that you 're twisting the spine and the waist . and you 're going to punch . so the punch is a strong punch with the right . left hand protects right wrist . and most of your weight is in the left leg , as both knees are bent and you 're sunk down into your hips . you should feel the strength and power from your core and your lower legs . and of course , we just work the spine and the waist . lots of energy . you keep punching with your mind , just as if you 're punching with your body . so this is the punch part of the strike parry punch combination .
Df6jIj21ez0 jason jeanette : hi . i 'm jason jeanette . this is daniel klapheke from elite martial arts of middle tennessee for expert village . this is catching the body kick to takedown . all right , here we 've got a guy , he was throwing -- he 's obviously a striker . he 's throwing a body kick so he must have some kind of sport karate or taekwondo or some kind of training or that sort . say , i do n't have striking -- i probably do n't want to stand with him . maybe i want to take this to the ground . we 're going to address that now . first thing , we 're going to do is take that kick and in an angle off in the elbow , i tell my students , like a venus flytrap . as soon as it hits , we wrap it up tight like a guillotine . i do n't want him to be able to slide forward and get his knee and then stomp out of it . so i 'm going to lock up that ankle really tight here , even step inside the kick a little bit , and then immediately , boom , boom ! i 'm going to drive him off balance , i would drive him a lot further but we 'll go out of frame here . punch into the face . i got two options . i can step and sweep . some people have trouble with that one like this one i think it 's a little tighter . i bury my head against his leg to protect myself . block with this leg and just turn towards the keeping leg . keeping this one down , i can either stomp to the groin or if i do n't , if you do n't want to just to go any further , i 'm going to revert to an ankle lock break the ankle .
3_iTd79g7o4 in this clip we 're going to talk about the parts necessary to make our table saw taper cut jig . now as you can see again from the drawing , there are only two parts , wooden parts , and for this project i 've chosen plywood for its dimensional stability . it tends not to warp along the grain like a piece of soft wood or even hard wood could . so this generally would be pretty straight . and then for our end piece , it ? s going to be just a piece of just a piece of 1 by for this quick jig . you could use hard wood . in fact if you 're going to build a jig like this that you 're going to use many , many times , you plan to have around the shop for years , i would recommend using a piece of poplar or oak , maybe even maple as your end cap because that will simple give you a stronger , harder piece of material .
1ypYKgSPHkA okay there are some important , important regulations when it comes to stepping over the sidelines of the piste . so if in the course of a bout , one fencer slips over the edge , with one or both feet , a halt is always called by the referee . so , in the event that in the action i slipped off with both feet , say i was getting a little overzealous in a repost and crossed over , lost my balance in a lunge , and ended up off to the side , a halt would be called . if i had scored a touch , it would not count . if my opponent had scored a touch , it would count , as long as it had happened immediately after i had stepped over the edge . now if i 'd only stepped over with one foot , a halt would also be called . the same rules would hold true , my touch would not count . even if we both touched at the same time , siri would score a point , a touch , but i would not . and if she scored a touch immediately after my touch , then she would win . there is an exception here however , whereas if i had begun the action , before i stepped off the sidelines , which is to say if i 'd established right-of-way , and actually legally begun the attack , in that case it probably would have been true . if my armor had already been extended , and i had been in mid-attack and touched , even just after i had stepped off with one foot , the touch would still be in my favor . so the rules get a little bit convoluted but it 's important to remember , first of all , to stay on the strip . second of all , that it 's better to step off with one foot , than with two feet , if possible , and also that the score will also go in your opponent 's favor if you step off the , the piste . so you want to remember to at all costs , keep your feet within the lines .
5IRelHFd78U hi , i 'm melina and welcome to expert village . today we are going to make a beautiful mushroom and butterfly incense burner out of polymer clay . for this last step you 're going to take your poking device , you 're going to grab on to the mushroom cap and you 're going to make the hole for the incense . and you want to go about two inches deep . you want to make sure that the incense that you put inside is going to hold up , and if you make the hole too short it 's not going to be able to hold up . you want to go around and also move it around inside and make it about an eighth of an inch thick . then you want to hold up your mushroom , make sure that everything is as you like it , grass , butterfly , gems . and then , we are going to bake it .
bReL8Gz7ksM on behalf of expert village , my name is teresa cassese aubel and i teach at once upon a time . and we 're here in new york city learning ballet for kids . they can dance to , in character roles . they may not be the princess , but they could be the wicked step-mother or the wicked witch , as in the ballet , in sleeping beauty . the witch has a wonderful part in sleeping beauty . so , they may find many character roles instead of classical roles . i think it 's important that children get to see live performances because that is where they find their inspiration . and then they take it home and they dance at home and they emulate or they try to emulate what they saw on stage . they have that fantasy of what they saw and then it becomes their reality as well . on behalf of expert village , thanks for watching .
EJmna7hpk4M ... flight 27 number 2 , we have traffic on the ... hi i 'm dave pressy with st. charles flying service on behalf of expert village . another important aspect of the pre-flight is to check our control surfaces . we 're going to check , just like with the other structural stuff , we want to check and make sure that all the rivets and all the farings are in good shape , no cracks or any damage there . we want to check for freedom of movement , so we want to be able to move this . no binding sounds , nothing of the nature . we also want to check in the cockpit , while we 're doing this , and make sure that the control yoke is moving the proper way . while we 're here we also want to check the trim tab , this is an integral part of our elevator . make sure that that has freedom of movement as well . we also want to check the rudder control surface as well , and make sure that we have some movement here , and no binding , and make certain that there 's no damage to the skin or rivets here as well . on the wing we want to check our ailerons . we have one on each wing . we want to check also for freedom of movement . and in this case , we want to make certain that when one goes up , the other one goes down . on the underside of the aileron , we also want to check the three hinge points , to make sure that all the bolts are secure , and that the hinge pins are also in place and secure . and now some freedom of movement .
5F_CwfF-LhI so you have a canker sore ? well my name is michelle and i am going to explain to you on how you can avoid getting canker sores . the main reason on how a canker sore starts to become in your mouth is from stress . i know when i went to college and i was studying for a final exam and i was all stressed out , my mouth would break out in horrible canker sores . very large and it was never fun . so one of the ways to avoid that is really not stress yourself out . and then another way is canker sores start to come in your mouth is from a vitamin deficiency . you really want to make sure that you continue to taking your multi vitamins . which in return would reduce any canker sores . also too there are certain food products out there that can promote canker sores in your mouth . as far as eating an excessive amount of peanuts or salt or any kind of acid type products . that promotes a lot of canker sores . also too whenever you go to your general dentist and he is doing his exam with the explorer and poking around ; sometimes you might leave and the next day you get a canker sore . that is normal . what you would want to do is rinse your mouth out with some warm salt water rinse . that will help sooth the area . and the salt will eat away at the canker sore which in return it will , it will disappear in a few days . once again my name is michelle and i just explained to you on how to prevent and treat canker sores .
aD6TazY0D8s ok , on this section , on the step nine of the breast stroke , i 'm going to end up explaining to you how to . right , so you are back on prayer position from step eight . your legs were up to your butt , you were getting prepared to kick . now , this section , if you can kind of take a full body angle . all right . so you 're right here on step eight . when you are getting prepared to kick , as you are doing the half circle and kicking , you are going to end up slicing through the water on step nine . so you 're repeating and you are continuing with the breast stroke . and you are going to put your head back in the water after you took a breath . so , after i explain that , the reason that you want to do that is because when you came up from step seven , the half circle . and you are slicing into the water , you want to have your head in so your body looks like this when you are gliding . and so you are just that more aerodynamic , and you can just go that much more quicker , and its less effort on your part . that 's the main reason why you do that . so again , step seven was like this . you come up half , your legs come up . and as your legs begin to kick , you 're going to be in prayer position from step eight and slice in with step nine with your head in . and that is your full complete breast stroke . and thats what you would do for step nine of breast stroke . so you 'll start off . you 'll slice into the water . you 'll pull . and as you pull thats when you 'll be gliding with your feet together . so as you watch me do it , just pay attention to that . every time i come up for a breath , my legs are straight out . and when i 'm putting my hands back together in a prayer position , slicing into the water , that 's when i kick . and with that kick i 'm able to slice and glide for a while . and then i 'll come back up for some air . so here we go . and then i 'll come back this way . and if you guys do it just in that movement , you 'll see that i do n't have to like actually struggle as much . and i can still move quite a distance . and if you noticed , every time i brought my legs together and closed , i waited for a while . because that extra three to five seconds , you 're actually able to ride that glide a little bit more than cutting yourself short and working double .
CT_ZSohsvSk the next step would be to create an energy of love and warmth in your bedroom to stimulate your relationships either existing one or if you are ready to bring in a new relationship . so we do it with a help of color of course in art . so what colors stimulates love and passion is red of course , and pink . you might want to be careful with red in the bedroom . i had a clients who were in their mid forties and they wanted to bring more passion into their love life , and when they heard red , so they decided to paint the whole bedroom in red color . so i told them that is too much , so you might , you might feel overwhelmed . so but they did it anyway , so we of course had to do a lot of accent white and blue to offset that so but it worked , but they noticed that they start to feel a little bit more tense . so and that what a lot of red color does . so it 's stimulates aggression as well . so you have to be careful with that .
-dXU26rkB7I at home , if you 're doing one or two loaves and you want to use an old fashioned method , you just have to knead it by hand . knead by hand , until you have the window , that 's a very good question . now , what is a window ? let me show you what a window is . a window is when you pack the dough and you stretch it out and the dough becomes so smooth , this is what you call a window . where you stretch your dough , until it becomes thin and when you hold it , up to the light , you can see the light come through it , without getting torn and without getting tears in it or without getting holes in it , that 's when your dough is ready . so , at home , when you knead it , you have to knead it enough . every so often , take a piece of it , look for your window and if you have your window , your dough is ready . so that 's one way to do it . as well as mixing the cookie dough and muffin dough , you have to be careful not to over mix anyway . i do n't think , at home , you can really mess it up , by over mixing it . it 's best to watch it and just make sure the ingredients are mixed properly , without being over mixed . if you over mix it , your cookies will run . if you over mix your muffin , your muffin will run because what happens is , you will incorporate so much air in it , that the air , in there , will bubble up and make the cookie and the muffin , run .
BURSVQS1-jQ hi ! my name is leslie moselle and we 're here at mickey quinn 's in seminole , florida and on behalf of expert village , this is how to be a successful server . i 'm on my way to my table to hand them their check . this table had a party of 6. with parties of 6 or more , we do have the ability to go ahead and add gratuity to the table . this usually is 18-20 % . the thing to remember is if you do add gratuity to a check immediately , it 's very important that you tell your table that this has been done in some way by either telling them by mouth or highlighting it on the check . i 'm going to go ahead and let them know that i did add gratuity , that they 're free to add more if they 'd like . it 's very important to let them know , because if they do n't know and they give you another tip on top of the gratuity that 's already been added , this can really upset them if they find out and it can hurt the restaurant . it can hurt you as a server and you want happy customers . i 'm going to go ahead and let my table know . alright , so i have the check and i just wanted to let you guys know that the gratuity has already been added to the check . i 'm going to leave this here for you . go ahead , take your time , and i 'll be back to get this shortly .
1oIyhi57ro0 alright , so you 've set up your turntables , you 've connected each turn table to the mixer , and you 've connected your mixer to the stereo . now is the time to try it out . ready ? turn on your two turntables . oh , make sure you plug them into the wall or else they wo n't work . turn on your two turntables , and if it 's a 1200 style turntable , you know it 's on if this red light goes on when you flick the on/off switch . turn on your mixer . mine 's already on . to make sure you 'll get a sound out of both of them , make sure the two channel faders are up , and the cross-fader is right in the middle so both of the records will be speaking . turn on your stereo , start the turntables and put a record on . that one works , and the other turntable . now if you want to make sure your cross-fader works , turn on both turntables and go all the way to one side with the cross-fader and then go all the way to the other side with the cross-fader . see how the records switch ? and if all those things happen , you 've set up your turn tables right .
c5PG7TwGM54 alice monsaert : this leg exercise is called the `` himalayan lunge '' or you might have heard it called the `` mountain climber . '' you can start with the low bench and then eventually increase the risers , as always , to increase the intensity of the step . but i want you to make sure that you understand the movement . it 's a step with the knee lift and then you 're going to step down and go into a reverse lunge , kind of like an athletic running position . so step with the right , lift the left knee , and then step way down , and into the lunge . be careful you do n't round the spine , keep it lifted , chest open . step up and down . switching , step with the left , lift the right , and lunge backwards . i 'm going to increase the intensity by adding my hand weights and doing some upper body movement at the same time . so , as i step and lift and step and press down , so bicep overhead press and then into a tricep press . lift and down . switching legs , step right , overhead press , back with the tricep press . overhead press , and a tricep press . definitely , one of the best hot leg exercises there are .
5E44aRUBuMM hello my name is lori randall with simply divine events and i am a wedding planner . i have been planning weddings and events for ten years . next i am going to talk to you about how to choose a menu for your cocktail hour . for your cocktail hour you want to kind of think of something with light foods , something that just kind of keeps people to just tie them over until they go into the reception and you are going to want to think about again this is a casual beach themed wedding so you are going to want to kind of keep your cocktail menu involved with your theme . you are going to want to keep everything flowing and staying within your theme . some ideas you might want to think about are doing a raw bar , maybe having a raw oyster bar , crab legs , shrimp and you can even maybe just lay that on a nice ice display maybe you would have the monogram of the bride and groom , or you might even want to do something like a martini glass or a palm tree or some sort of ice sculpture and kind of lay that on or it could be something as simple as a nice silver tray and you have got some ice and you are laying some of your raw bar in there . another thing to think about that you might want to do is fruit . fruit and cheese are really big for your cocktail hour and you might want to instead of just having a fruit and cheese platter , you might want to have an actual display and display it with your pineapples and your oranges and kind of think of your citrus fruits and that sort of thing and maybe making it into like a tree , like a palm tree look or fish or a lot of these caterers and chefs are getting like really creative and they can make fruit look like anything and it can actually be a display or a centerpiece on the table and kind of dress it up a little bit to stay with your casual beach theme , so those are some tips and some ideas to think about when you are choosing your cocktail hour menu .
_6iMCG6CPlw hi , this is david for expert village and today we are going to make some stuffed mirliton pirogue . now we have taken the mirlitons out of the boiling water . we have put them in cold water just so they are able to be handled . what we would do is they have a seed in the middle it is a wonderful flesh which is really good . but you just want to go right in and these are sort of not fork tender yet but close . so you just want to to go ahead and take that middle part out of here cause we are going to put that stuffing in . so now we have our pirogue . so i would do the other half , go ahead and go around that seed . in the middle . take that out and we are going to put our stuffing on top of this .
FaDSFhcBlHI hi , i 'm greg from expert village and today i 'm going to teach you some magic tricks that you can do around the dinner table . a twice burnt match . for this you need a match , you need a knife and you need a marker . this is a really old staple of restaurant magic , usually it 's done with paper matches . i took it a kind of step further and carved up a wooden match so it resembles a burnt match , because as the match burns it eats away at the wood . so we want to emulate that by carving the corners of the matchstick away , so starting at the head of the match just carve downwards about a quarter away down the matchstick until you have a kind of a shape that looks like a burnt match . then take the marker and color the head of the matchstick and most of what you carved . see because it 's now rough and uneven the color is n't going straight down , it 's kind of just grabbing corners and edges of the stick . when you 're done with that , you take your pretend burnt match , put it in the crutch of your thumb like this . hold another match , strike the first match , make sure you get at least a quarter of it burnt , blow it out . now , it looks like you 're just going to , cool it down , but in reality you 're just going to throw it down between your legs onto the floor . so make sure you 're not doing it on carpet and when you throw the first one down , we 'll just do it on the table , like this , then you work the other one up into your hand like that . so in real time it looks like this and you can move your hand around , if it takes a while for you to get this one in position , it does n't matter , because you 're talking and you 're cooling it down , no one can see what you 're doing so it 's perfect . there you go , you have your burnt match in your hand ready to do whatever you want , so strike the match and away you go .
eJgNjjCyApU hi , my name is mary thinnes and i 'm a skin care expert . i 'm going to discuss with you now on how to choose the right peel for your skin type and for any conditions that you might have going on in your skin . as i 've spoken about previously different chemicals are good for fixing certain conditions or for certain skin types . for instance with acne skin salicylic acid is what kills bacteria that causes acne . so that 's the one , the one chemical that 's good for acne skin . sensitive skin more you want to go with lactic acid . lactic acid is more of like a the weakest chemical so it wo n't be too abrasive on sensitive skin . like rosacea , for instance , since they already have a very sensitive skin type and they already have activity going on you do n't want to aggravate that condition . so the lactic acid would be the best acid to go for for that skin type . for mature skin , vitamin c is anything that has antioxidants . vitamin c is a great peel for aging skin 'cause it actually hydrates the skin and keeps those fine lines from being so pronounced in their skin type . and then as far as hyper pigmentation goes the chemicals that would be good for hyper pigmentation , glycolic acid would be a good one for hyper pigmentation along with those lightning creams that are good for your home care which i will discuss a little bit more later . so there are the certain chemical peels that are good for skin types and certain conditions .
bfRSVSD8syw hi . my name is dave andrews . today i 'm going to show you how to create transition effects in powerpoint . let 's begin by opening up microsoft powerpoint . click on the start button , go to all programs , microsoft office , and click on powerpoint . this is the default slide that comes up when you open powerpoint . we 'll just put some text on here : this is my first slide . now let 's add a new slide by right clicking in the left and saying new slide . this is my second slide . now , we want to create a transition between these two slides . to do so , select your second slide , which is where the transition will appear , and click on animations , and in the middle here , you 're going to have a list of transitions . there are several , four that you can see right here , but there 's actually more than four . if you click this little drop down box right here , that says more , you have a whole list of transitions you can apply . i 'm going to select this one that makes it grow from the sides . let 's also , on our first slide , apply a fade in . now let 's run the slides and see our transitions . click on slide show , say from beginning . there was our fade in and there was our second slide growing in from the sides . once again , the fade in and then growing from the sides . it 's that easy to add transitions . my name is dave andrews and i 've just showed you how to create transitions in a microsoft powerpoint slide show .
BetdTfVMTQQ hi there ! on behalf of expertvillage.com my name is candace copeland . the challenges of the bead and hole . come on now . you 're going to go . well , if you 're not going to go now i 'm going to try something different . put this other little piece copal in there . i think i 'll just start going ____ . let 's try a little silver bead . this is a pewter hollow little bead . you do n't have to have a bead board . you do n't have to have all the expert things going on all the time . you can pick up all kinds of things on the way and just start creating . it does n't have to match . it does n't have to be the same . even though i really want to use this silver bead . i 'll try it again . see sometimes you just have to use a little patience and then it 's okay here you go . then we 'll use one of these little wonderful african tribe beads . what it took to make this bead , i ca n't even believe . look at all the swirls on that thing . it 's just amazing , amazing . another piece of red coral right now . then another one of these . you can see how important these little doodlies in the middle . you 've got to have those little silver findings . actually , i 've got some other ones here that are copper . you do n't find these all that often , but look how sweet they are . with this kind of metal , they really work well . i 'm going to throw one of those in there and we 'll start with another small bead . we 're just kind of like creating just all kinds of color . goes with everything . no big sweat of what it is that you 're going to think of next . you 're just kind of ambling along , doing your bead thing . then we 're got to put this great big gorgeous bead from ____ on there with all the hearts and it 's just really yum . so no pendant on this one . this is all strictly just beads from beads . pendants have their place too . when you get into a pendant , you have to plan a little one . when you 're just putting things like this together , you have a great freedom in it .
DNIj2KTnwiI let me give you a little introduction about bread in general . all breads contain flour , water , yeast and salt . a variation of this and method of mixing it , creates tremendous amount of difference in taste and appearance . as i was saying , just taking those ingredients , combining with different ratios and mixing it with a faster speed or a slower speed , will create totally different taste and flavor , that will just be unbelievable . how can same ingredients taste so different ? for example , on a baguette , you get about 55 to 60 percent water compared to the flour . you get a very crusty bread , yet soft in the middle and has a nice flavor to it . you create a sour for it but very lightly . then you got ciabatta . this is a flat italian bread , that in italian , it means slippers . that has a extremely crusty bread , still soft inside but its got a rugged look to it . this has 80 percent water in it . this , the baguette , you mix at a high speed for about 5 to 6 minutes to get that gluten . well this one you do n't mix as much and it is wet . and you really have to have a tray full of water to put the dough in it and let it be wet ; otherwise , it will stick everywhere . you make a biga for this , which is like a different tempered sour for it that has to sit for 12 hours . so today we make the sour for tomorrow morning to put in the bread and make the ciabatta bread . this is authentic ciabatta bread . as a matter of fact , it formally came from the us team that went to france an competed to make the breads and they won the championship with this particular ciabatta . i kind of stole the recipe from there .
_3cjXu3JcyA and then a gentle ; i can take hold of the inner ankles and pull the tissues , connected tissue gently out towards the ankles . i find that pretty satisfying . i 'm not trying to push the legs wider apart , but i 'm trying to create more length . i 'm actually tugging on them somewhat . and at the same time , even though i 'm opening the root i 'm keeping it slightly orientated down , so that i 'm not totally uprooting my support . and so for instance , i talked earlier about my left side being a little sticky , and so i could give a little more juice to the left side . i can on the left side a little bit , turn the other way . you feel that open ; you play , you play . once you get the base going there 's nothing you ca n't play with . now , do n't come forward in that pose , get to your threshold , then just hang in there . be creative . have , have kindness for the tension . try to find ways around it , especially in this pose . very delicate little connectors right here and you 'll really , really aggravate them if you take an aggressive approach .
5ExeGsraMU8 your computer is a big investment , and you want to make sure you 're going to get the most out of it . hi , i 'm charles stewart jr. , and i 'm going to show you how to clean your computer memory . what happens a lot is over time when your computer 's sitting in your living room , especially if it 's on the floor , dust will start to cake up in your computer , and pretty much anything that that that gets hot that 's not good , cause ' it 's basically putting a blanket over it . so you 've got something that 's that 's designed to be cooled , you know , air-cooled , and you 've got layers and layers of dust building up , which forms like a blanket , and keeps the heat from dissipating out , which eventually can cause your ram modules or your computer processor to overheat and therefore , take the life of the of the actual piece of equipment down . so again , when you buy it 's a lot of money , so you want to get the most out of it as much as you can . the two ways you can usually do it are , you know , if you have a can of compressed air you can just go in , give a couple squirts and it 'll blow the the dust off . but if it 's really caked on , and you really , and the air does n't seem to be working then you 'll want to take something like an anti-static wipe and wipe off the ram module itself . to take out the ram you 'll look in the case . this is a computer i built , so it 's a little roomier than one you might find from like sony or dell or whatever , but it 's all pretty much the same principles . you 'll look , and you 'll find your slots with your ram . they 're usually right next to your processor . and you 'll find the ram module or both modules that are really dusty , and you 'll push the white tabs out . sometimes they 're blue or different colors . then push it out and then you can remove the ram stick , okay . and as you look at it ... just as a side note , whenever you 're dealing with electronic components you want to make sure that you are grounded to the case or the table . mainly because if you , if you release a static discharge onto this you 'll you 'll destroy it . so whenever you 're dealing with any kind of electronics just make sure you 're grounded to something . you can buy a strap to ground on your case or just touch something as you 're you 're handling it . and you want to make sure you have a anti-static wipe , and the main reason for that is the same reason . if you have cotton , sometimes it 'll generate static electricity as you 're wiping it off , and then it 'll hit that you know , hit one of these gold leaves and it 'll just short it all out . so , as you 're going , you just kinda ' , you know dab it on there , make little strokes and you know , get off the dust . and then again , you can hit it with the air and blow the dust right off . and then once you 're done , you can just pop it right back in your computer and you 're good to go . and that 's pretty much how to keep your memory clean .
4MZSmWgV-ck the rest of the process is basically refining and taking it down further , looking at your drawing , reshaping those areas , refining the edges where areas come together doing some sanding . smoothing on those places that need to be smoothed trying to just generally bring it all back together and do a fine shape . and once you 've done that final step you might want to put down the final details like the line above the brows , just scribe it in or edges of the eyes , eye crinkles . and then just generally look at the thing , smooth things out as you think they need smoothing , and when you 're done , you 're done . when are you done on a sculpture ? we could have stopped any point along the stage and it would be a legitimate sculpture . this is art it 's not reality . we can create it just as realistic as we want or we can leave it as crude or rough as we wish . this could be considered a finished sculpture , this could be considered finished because of the nature of these two pieces which will become action figures i will take them a little further than we have taken them today but this gets us very very close to where we want . if this were a final sculpture and you were going to keep it then you would probably want to heat the bottom up make sure you 've got a good solid flat base and then press it against something like wood so that it 's got a nice solid flat surface on which you can mount it on a nice piece of rosewood or some other kind of wood creating a nice stand for it and display it in a place of pride . good luck ! enjoy the process , you ca n't make any mistakes it 's all worthwhile , it 's all wonderful , it 's all good . say goodbye , bye , bye .
4HuVrDhTrLI hi . this is sean hobson , and right now , we 're working with our shooting guards . one thing we want our shooting guards to be able to do is , one of the best setup shooting methods is the shot fake and drive . that 's going to create him some space , and that 's one of the ways he 's going to use in the offense to create a shot for himself . so one thing that he 's going to do is once he receives a shot , his defender is going to jump out on him . we 're going to teach you how to read the way that the defender closes out . obviously , when he catches , he gets himself ready for the shot . now this guy , the defender , is going to come running out at him . as a shooter , he 's got to read . if this guy closes out to the left side ; close out hard to the left side ; if he closes out hard to the left side , what this guy has got to read is : he 's got to keep his feet set , shot fake , and then he 's going to bring the ball to this side because if he brings the ball to the other side , the defender is already on that side , and he 's going to run into him . so he 's got to shot fake and he 's got to bring the ball low and he 's got to clear it on this side . left hand dribble , taking it to the basket , and he 's going to pull up for a jump shot . now , if he closes to the other side ; go ahead and close to the other side ; if he closes out to the other side , now he 's got to bring the ball low this way . right hand dribble , take it to the basket , and shoot it . we 're going to show you what this looks like at full speed . so i 'll pass it out , and then we 'll show them a shot fake and drive . here we go . good , shot fake , steps up , knocks down the shot . that 's the way it 's done . shot fake , keep your feet set so you do n't get called for a travel . that 's going to make you a much better shooting guard .
0vrKbtJgzMI now , as we go through the major scale , there are different terminologies that we 'll use . for two , three , six and seven , we 'll be using major and minor to describe the aspects of those notes . now , on four and five , we 're going to use the words perfect and diminished . i 'll show you what i mean . if you take from the first note of a major scale to the second note of a major scale , you would call this a major second . easy way to just say the second note of a major scale . third note , you would refer to that as a major third , shorthand way of saying that would be just a third . when you get to the fourth note , you would refer to that as a perfect fourth , the distance from the first note to the fourth note of a major scale . same thing when you get to the fifth note of a major scale , you would call that a perfect fifth . rather than calling this a minor fifth , you would call that a diminished fifth . it 's just a different terminology , but the same concept as minor . you just use perfect fifth instead of major fifth , perfect fourth instead of major fourth and diminished fifth instead of minor fifth .
bM61G_8cZvw i 'm kelli i 'm an aesthetician and make up artist at ulta salon and cosmetic and i 'm going to tell you how to get rid of whiteheads . basically what a whitehead is , it 's a pustule . it 's dirt , debris and oil within a pore that 's become infected by acne bacteria and formed a pustule on the surface of the skin . so one thing that you can do is you can actually steam the face and then take your ring fingers and actually do a wiggling motion and help to remove that pustule from the follicle . another thing that you can do is use some really good antibacterial products and antibacterial cleansers that 's going to help to kill the acne bacteria and help to pull that pustule out of the follicle as well . you can also use a blemish dissolver , something that has sulfur in it is a really great product to help with whiteheads . sulfur is a drawing agent so it 's going to help to draw any infection out of the follicle . also anything with citric acid that 's going to give you an antibacterial property as well as a exfoliating property and you can also use anything with salycidic acid that 's a drawing agent as well . so those are some tips of things that you can do to get rid of whiteheads or pustules .
FIpEL1zJl-c putting your grip tape on your skateboard ; now putting grip tape on a skateboard can be very tricky , especially if you do n't know how it 's done . when i first starting putting boards together , there , the system really was n't developed , and it was very difficult to cut out the grip tape and try to place it on the board and have it line up on the edges . that 's the wrong way to do it . so since then , i 've learned how to put grip tape on easily , and i 've put it on so many skateboards , that i almost do n't like doing it anymore because of how it can affect your hands . now , i would not suggest wearing a set of gloves to do this , but it 's going to take its toll on your fingertips , because the grip tape is harsh and it will wear out your fingers . so what you want to do is , use a couple things to help you out . and one of those things is , after you 've peeled your grip tape , which is the first step to putting together , or putting your grip tape on your skateboard , is to not throw away that piece that you 've pulled off of the back of the grip . now be careful to not have this stick onto anything , because grip tape sticky side is extremely sticky . now remember , we 're going to keep this piece because we want to try to keep our hands as new as we can , without losing a layer of skin while putting this together . so , with this particular grip tape , we 've got a logo on here , so what i would suggest , is putting the logo towards the backside of the skateboard . the reason for doing this , is that , while you drag your foot up the board for an ollie , or any other kinds of flip-tricks , you want to make sure that the dye-cut piece is not underneath your foot , but it 's in a place where your feet wo n't be sliding very often . so , i 'd look at the board , and i 'd make sure that i know which side is the nose and the tail , because from the top , sometimes boards can look even and it 's hard to tell . so , i 'd put the logo towards the back . and what you 're going to want to do is , first stick the grip tape on the tip of the tail , and start it from there . now , just letting the whole sheet hang , take your fingers and kind of run down the center of the grip tape . now , you 're going to get some air bubbles , as you do this , but that 's okay . and you may also have to pull it off to fix it , but if you do this slowly and head all the way up , like this , that 's the best way to get it on . now , this is a perfect example of me putting the grip tape on a little too fast , so what i 'm going to do is , i 'm going to rip the grip tape off quickly and i 'm going to set it up again . this can be done at any time while you 're putting your board together , and it 's not too bad of a mistake . so i 'm going to put it back on again , using the same technique , only making sure that i go a little straighter . so i put the tip on there and i slide my hand all the way up the grip . now , you just want to make sure that there 's no bubbles in the center of the board only . now , once it 's straight line there , you 're going to want to press outward from there and clear out any air bubbles , or any gaps that have formed in the grip . now do n't worry about every single air bubble , because we 'll eventually get those . now , you remember i told you to hold onto this extra sheet , the extra backing to the grip tape . now , the best way to roll out this air bubble stuff , is to actually place , with the smooth side , that is the sticky side onto the top of the board . and now you get to roll this out over the top and try to save some of the palm of your hand that you end up grating away while putting the board together .
cw9ceGx_-aA in this segment we 're going to talk about rollers and how to do rollers with a freestyle disc and the benefits of a roller . there 's a couple different ways you can do it . you can do a forehand roller , thumb on the top , fingers on the bottom and you 're actually going to release it kind of straight up and down vertical and roll it to the target or to your partner with release like this . so , i want to roll it to ryan . so , i 'm going to actually have the angle here . the wind is coming here . forehand ; you can actually kick it up and catch it . now , with a backhand roller it 's very similar . i 'm going to throw it this way having it land right on this edge . now , the wind is coming this way so i actually have to compensate a little bit to throw a little bit of angle this way . backhand roller and pop it off your foot and do a trick catch . forehand roller is here . rollers are a great way to throw different types of throws and they 're a lot of fun .
1hJF4I6QOY8 this is kyle with expert village and i 'm going to be talking about some tips for sony acid pro . now , up here this is your main bar . i 'm just going to quickly glance through this , most of these are pretty obvious but just in case if you 're just like , man i do n't know what i 'm doing , this is going to be a little help for you . your basic settings here where you open the files you want to start a new one , a new file , where you save option , this is to publish it to the web . so if you have a website that you want to publish it up to . this is the basic cut , copy and paste , this is undo now . you can specifically undo certain things , so you can go back down , this shows everything that you 've done here and so we can go back any numbers of times here . so it actually shows you , it gives you a quick run down of where you can undo . a lot of times if i 'm just in a hurry i do n't even look at that . it also has the redo option . so let 's say we just undid that but we want to go back to right here , then we can . so it gives you a really nice way to quickly go back and forth . it 'll go all the way back to pretty much unlimited saves up to the time where you actually saved the file and you opened it last .
ChrrDtMMvr0 so this right here is my extruder . it 's a round model , they also come in with square barrels . each works equally well , it does n't matter what kind you get . now the way that this works is the clay goes in the top . this plunger pushes the clay through the extruder . and this hangs on the bottom , and it holds the die in place . now what a die is it fits into the bottom and it determines the shape of the clay that 's going to be extruded . so this one for example has a bunch of different sizes of just cylindrical coils . and this one selects which one you 're going to use . so you just cover everything but the size that you want up . and when you extrude the clay will only go through that circle and make a long cylinder . there are a number of different commercially available dies that have different shapes . this one has geometric shapes , this is my handle die , that comes with several different options for handles . there are ever dies that will extrude hollow tubes . that 's what this one is for . you see the negative space is where the clay will be pushing through , so you 'll get a long hollow cylinder . and if you do n't like any of the commercially available dies , you can buy a blank die . this is made of hard plastic and you can drill a hole into it and then use a jewelry saw or a band saw to cut out the shapes that you would like . now i 'm going to show you how to work this , first you select the handle or the shape of die that you 're wanting to use . cover over everything else , fit it right in there , and then hook this on . and now we 're ready to actually extrude our handles .
bO66y9R3Wng hi . i 'm keeley selvage with keeley 's skin solutions . i 've been a licensed clinical aesthetician for over half a decade and i 'm going to talk to you about laser hair removal training . this is an excellent field for many physicians , nurses , electrologists and even aestheticians . it 's a very fruitful and promising career . one thing that you are going to learn when you go for this training is the biology of lasers . you are going to learn about different laser types that you can use and also you are going to learn about the different parameters of lasers . they all have different wave lengths , some of them may even use multiple colors , multiple wavelengths and different energies as well . you are going to learn about the different tissue of the skin , you are going to learn about different skin types . that is very important because most lasers are attracted to the pigment ; whether it 's in the hair or in the skin . therefore , different colors of skin are gong to matter very much to the energy level that you use with the laser . the training will also go into how to start a business , how to market a business and the training is not very long or costly . it 's very simple . you go online , you can check out laser hair removal training and it should show you some training schools in your area . again it 's very profitable , very promising and it 's actually quite simple as well . my name is keeley selvage with keeley 's skin solutions and that is all about laser hair removal training .
BNGiO5JyUjQ okay . at the very end you put your mix on it . however it is that you want . putting everything in prospective . now , using your master fader , always be aware of when it says `` clip '' . your clip is when something is entirely too loud . you do n't never want it to clip . as your lights are going up , as they turn into right pass the solid white lines here . that 's a good level right there and that 's how your stuff should be . okay ? your master bus you can again your plug in on the whole song as it is . you can eq the whole song . again there is no right or wrong way to do it . it 's always user preference and it depends on what you 're doing with your project . here , i use the classic limiter on the end and stereo expander because when someone brings in , say music off of a cd , the problem with digital mixing is that it has what they call a thin sound . so what i usually do is to kind of expand the track making it more stereo friendly so it sounds a little bit better .
eRlK5VRBfNY hi in this segment we are going to talk about the staker throw . it 's a different type of throw . it 's very similar to the backhand but it is actually a little bit different grip . so the staker throw you are actually going to throw it with just this part of your hand . you are going to come in and just pinch the frisbee on the inside like this with the index finger and the thumb and you are going to hold the frisbee flat and hold it under your chin and then release here , here . so this is the grip and if i am going to toss it to ryan i 'd hold it in and that 's the staker throw . you can also put some spin on the staker throw by holding it a little bit lower and snapping your wrist so this is a staker throw with spin and you can also throw that same release for distance , you can throw it a little bit farther with that release so that 's the staker throw , give it a shot , it 's a real easy throw to throw .
39KOiTCEm_g proper fit for a baggier jersey is really a lot of it is just personal preference . obviously you do n't want things to be so long that they get caught on things on the side of the trail and stuff like that . but at the same time you do n't want things to be tight enough that you ca n't accomplish the things that you 're trying to accomplish by wearing a looser jersey . like you can see when i put this one on , it 's loose enough that if i wanted to wear some padding on my chest or on my arms , i 'd have that option . it 's not super constricting and it 'd be pretty comfortable for going out and riding . for a warmer jersey , this is a really nice wool jersey . i love wool as a fabric for a cyclist because it does n't smell after a while like acrylic fabrics cans and it 's also really good at removing moister . my wool jersey has a similar fit to i had with my more traditional road fit jersey . a little bit looser in the elbows and a much looser hem which makes it work a lot better with a baggy short .
a4HnU0p8Xjk my name is diana goteriz and i am a high school english and dance teacher in san jose . as a teacher you will be leading grades 9 through 12 but you 'll be doing a lot more than that . the lesson planning , managing your classroom , creating group projects , bringing in guest speakers and much more . hopefully if you have an exceptional group of students you will also be writing college recommendations . my name is diana goteriz and i am a high school teacher in san jose .
23h1jHxDBFc on behalf of expert village , my name is george engle with mr. fix-it handyman in miami , florida and today i am going to be showing you how to set up and use and perform different cuts of wood with a portable table saw . all right more features about the table saw . here is one of my favorite ones that is often times on jobs we will be doing work , we will have to take our materials we are working with and put them up and leave the saw unattended and we do n't want to leave it where someone could walk up to it and come up and turn it on . god forbid something happens to them . this switch is the on and off switch . if you notice i can pick it up and nothing is happening , that is because the key is not in . this is the key . once you put the key in you are able to turn it on and off . we do n't have it connected to the power yet because we are showing you safety features . a lot of times this is a good idea to use your shroud . i think it is a great safety feature , these saws .
cAROdRNSavI on behalf of expert village , my name is greg tauriello . i 'm from sweet 16 studio , and i 'm here to talk to you about soundproofing for a recording studio . okay , now once we have our soundboard attached to the z channel , ultimately we could put another layer of z channel on the soundboard and then attach our drywall to that . that gives us another layer of springing going on . that wall 's going to be loose , that 's what we want , we want to create that air space and that movement . but in this case , my budget did n't allow it , so i went straight on the soundboard with a layer of drywall . but i made sure , again , that none of my screws in the drywall went directly into the 2x4 's . that 's the whole purpose of the z channel , is to give you another place to put your screws in so that the whole wall is not attached to the 2x4 or 2x6 , so that your sound transmission does n't go directly into the 2x4 . it bounces and it creates a nice gap for sound to get lost in . later on we 're going to talk about acoustic treatment of the interior wall , because that 's much different than stopping sound . the acoustic treatment on the interior wall is something that you want to think about when your acoustics in the room need to be dealt with , and that is like the bouncing of the sound back and forth , it echoes too much . that 's a totally different subject . we may touch on that a little bit during this , but in a later segment . for now this is the construction of the wall , and this is the finished wall ready to be painted .
FveoW9-mvhY so i 'm going to start with the kettle style tea pot which is the one with the flat bottom ; the first step is going to be centering the clay , take the ball of clay throw it down hard on the center of the wheel head . now your left arm is going to be your stabilizing arm ; you want to lean into the splash pan or put your elbow into your hip , whatever you can do to try to make it to where you body weight is what the clay is fighting against rather than your strength and your right hand you 're going to get your sponge ; you want it wet enough that if you squeeze it water comes out but dry enough that it 's not dripping . get the clay nice and wet ; now your right hand is going to be the one doing the work , i 'm pushing towards my left hand and pulling up ; and now i 'm going to make a fist and i 'm going to push down with my left hand stabilizing the clay from the outside , my left pinkie is pushing in a little further than the rest of my left hand ; this is to keep this pot of clay from spreading out across the wheel head . now once the clay looks and feels like it 's not moving very much ; it 's on center and you 're ready to start opening up your pot .
E4q0knUx4Fg for some of you , this pose may be a little challenging . you  re going to bring your right ankle to your left knee . alright , now that we  ve got it there , lean forward . as you  re leaning forward , i  d like you to feel this in your right hip . if you  re a little bit more open in the hips , press the hands into that leg . make sure you  re breathing ; try not to hold any tension in that right hip . this pose through that left foot . press your hands into that to come back up , gently carry your leg back down , and place it on the ground . then switch sides , bring the left leg up .
bTrHShCAW50 ok. so , now we 're going to raise the walls of the form on this set of mugs that we 're making . we 're making our first mug . our second mug is here . we 're going to go ahead and raise the walls . now , what we need for this is a sponge . we get some water on the sponge and we get some water on our hands . water is important because it allows the clay to move freely between your fingers . as soon as it gets dry you 'll feel the clay starting to grip on your fingers . this will throw your pot off center . you do n't want that . essentially what we 're doing in this process is we 're keeping the sponge on the outside , our fingers on the inside . we 're going to pinch the clay between them and start pulling the clay up . in doing this we are raising the wall of the pot . so , here we go . you can see how that 's moving up into the wall . now , when you get really good at this and you do it really quickly you can literally pull the wall of a mug up in one or two strokes . i 'm going to do it in a few more stokes on this , because i want to give you an idea of what 's going on . again , water is important . so , we go down to the bottom . we dig in . on the inside we 're pinching with our fingers and we 're pulling it up . you can see that bubble of clay moving up through the pot as we pull up . you can see we already have what looks like a mug sitting there . we 're going to go once again ; again , pushing in on the bottom , grabbing the clay , pinching it on the inside and the outside and moving up . there we have a pretty good form for a mug . now , what we 're going to do at this point is just trim a little bit off the base here . now , that 's going to make it easier when it comes to trimming . some people will just leave it like this after they 've trimmed it . however , i will trim this as i would a regular mug . the last thing we want to do on this mug is take this little piece of leather that we have here . this little piece of leather is important for any kind of vessel that you 're putting up to your lips or anything like that , because you want to get a smooth edge . this piece of leather , you just run it over the top . what that does is make a smooth surface on the top of the mug for drinking . now we have the first of our set of mugs . the next step is going to be to measure it with our measuring tools to make sure that we can make the second one exactly the same size .
cGda9l6Fp3Q 180s is one of the versatile tricks you can possibly learn up there is bunny hops even . you can apply them in all sorts of different variations to all sorts of different terrain anywhere from bunny hopping or doing 180s on to a object , off of an object , over a jump , up out of jump . let me show you a couple of my favorite variation . here is over a hip , now a fly out , half gap , as you see those two variation that i did where a little bit different . the 180 over the hip you do n't rotate quiet as much so your actually allowed to not quiet spin 180 degrees cause it gives you a smoother roll out . however if you are doing a 180 up onto a flat surface out of a wedge ramp like i just did you want to get a little bit more speed like you are coming up onto the object and makes sure you land again nice and center so you have a nice control roll back . the tip to 180s is always to get speed and make sure you are going high enough cause a lot of the time it is very easy to not pop high enough . the thing is once you have 180s down you have a whole new avenue of tricks that you can try . you can do them off of stuff , up onto stuff , you know out of take offs , over hips as i showed you and basically it is one of those tricks where each variation is a little bit different . but it is all the same basic motion and with a little bit of practice you can have a whole lot of fun with them .
eAhAF8QHYJs hi my name is rachel youens i 'm a free lance fashion reporter and i 'm also the owner of austinstylewatch.com street fashion site , and today we 're going to talk about how to freshen up your really smelly shoes . now it goes without saying that your first step to not having smelly shoes is to wear socks , keep your feet dry , not let that stinky foot bacteria ever get in there in the first place . but right now we 're going to talk about what happens after you 've already let that bacteria get in there . so it 's important to know that the bacteria that 's in your feet and gets in the shoes is a variety of different bacteria so what kills some of it may not kill the rest of it . so your first step is always going to be to just go ahead and put the shoes in the washer , the heat of the washer will kill a lot of the bacteria , but there 's some it might not kill . so we 're going to talk about some of the measures that you might take after you 've done a regular wash cycle of your shoes and they still really stink . putting baking soda inside the shoes is a good start it 's the same kind of technique you would use if you put baking soda in your refrigerator to absorb stinky fridge smells , it will also absorb some of the moisture that 's left in the shoe from your feet and will also absorb some of the smell . unfortunately while it 's absorbing the smell and the moisture it 's not going to be killing the bacteria . so one of the next steps you might want to try is taking some rubbing alcohol and putting it into a spray bottle and then just spraying that rubbing alcohol into the shoes so that 's going to be killing the bacteria that was missed by the washer , so you 're getting washer bacteria , your getting the alcohol bacteria then after you 've put that alcohol inside what you 're going to want to do take the shoes put them inside a zip lock bag or some sort of plastic bag and then of you have it spray the bag with febreeze . then take that bag with the smelly sneakers and this seems strange but put it inside your , freezer , so you 're basically heating up the bacteria , putting bacteria killer on it , and freezing it , and with that triple threat you should be able to kill most of the bacteria in your shoes . leave them in the freezer over night take them out the next morning let them kind of thaw out a little bit , and that should be your start to getting your stinky sneakers back to normal . just remember after that no more wet stinky feet inside the shoes . this has been how to refresh your stinky sneakers .
1JfvA3hlnJs nicole bragg : on behalf of expert village , i 'm nicole and i 'm here to tell you about veiled chameleons . in the environment that you provide for your chameleon , there are several things that you need to make sure are n't dangerous . some dangers in her environment could include exposed lighting or heat sources . you want to make sure that there is no access . there is no way that your lizard can reach the light sources or the heat sources because this can result in very severe burns . you do n't want to have your heat sources up against the side of the cage because what this does is the chameleon will crawl up onto the side of the cage and try to absorb the heat through its belly . but the chameleon ca n't feel heat through the belly , so , they wo n't realize it that it 's too hot and then before they know it , they 're burned . this can prove to be very difficult to treat because chameleons are so antisocial , they 're harder to hold and harder to treat . but if your chameleon does get a burn on its belly , make sure that you remove all dangerous heat sources . providing your heat from the top of the cage is generally your best bet . your lizard is not usually going to turn upside down and absorb the heat through their belly . so , from the top is the best bet . you want to provide lots of antibacterial ointment for your lizard 's burn . you want to make sure it stays on there , you need to wipe it off and change it at least on a daily basis and make sure that you remove anything from the cage that could stick to the antibacterial ointment . now , another danger in the environment for chameleons is ingestion of foreign objects . because they are sticky-tongued creatures , their tongue will also catch surrounding items such as the substrate . i feed this one out of a dish but if were to throw a cricket in there that was running around , she would grab it and most likely , if it was on the ground , she 'll collect some of the substrate and then she 'll ingest it . now , this can also cause intestinal blockage which could require a surgery . it 's much easier avoided than it seems . make sure that everything you have in your vivarium is large enough to not be swallowed and if it is small enough to be swallowed , it 's biodegradable and digestible for your chameleon .
dQCyDZk62cE hi , this is dave for expert village and today we are making albondigas soup . so now we got our meatballs and our potatoes and carrots in the pot along with the chicken broth . they have been bubbling away for about fifteen minutes . now what we want to do is add all the other veggies that we have cut up earlier . these are going to add all different levels of textures as we were talking about zucchini 's ( pretty soft ) , we got the bell peppers , little chunkier little al dente field once we get this cooked . then we have our onions and celeries , so all different kinds of flavors and textures and we are going to put this all into the pot at one time . slide all that in and put that to the side and you want to stir this together , kind of be gentle when you are stirring this because you do n't want your meatballs to break up . these are just beautiful , they are just right so just move that around a little bit as i said gently and break up your veggies a little . again this is going to come to a boil and then at that point we want to turn it down just to a pretty good simmer , you want to keep it just below boiling at this point to start getting your flavor marinated .
ELqTplgrfRk ok , we 've put the cover on our rice and we 've boiled it and then reduced the heat and cooked it for about fifteen minutes . so the liquid is just about all absorbed . now our vegetable stock is also boiled . so we 're going to heat off of that and we 're going to give it another scoop , another swirl to see that there are n't any chunks and there are n't . so we 're going to go ahead and take that and remove it from the heat and let it cool down . all right we are not going to turn our heat off of our rice and remove it from the heat . we 're going to give it a stir . make sure that nothing is sticking to the bottom . now we 're going to want to cool this rice before we handle it and so the fastest way to cool rice . is to put it on a flat surface like this and then we 'll just spread it very thinly . all over the backing sheet . this will not only make it cool faster but stop it from continuing to cook . as much as it would if we just simply left it in the pot and waited for it to cool there .
EA_bT_oICG8 now we 'll be talking about picking out the container for your centerpiece . the most important thing about your centerpiece on any table is to make sure that you do not block the view across the table . your guests want to be able to see each other . they do n't want to be looking at flowers and someone 's head . this is a good size because your flowers are going to be on top of this , and they can see through the container . this is a good container also . it 's low , you can do a pave ` . you will have to tape this though , to keep your flowers in place . a fish bowl , commonly known as the bubble bowl . you can also do a pave ` , or you can have live fish , depending on what kind of theme you 're going for . you have this box container . it 's just made of wood . just stick your oasis in , do a nice pave ` also . again , you want to keep it low . ceramic , also a good choice . good to use oasis in . same with this one . it hides the oasis so you 're not having to cover it . these are examples here , here , and here , and of course , here . this would be good for a rectangular table because of it 's oblong shape . again , notice the height . it 's not too tall . this can be done for each person . you can have eight to ten of these in the middle , so each person can actually take something home . you can have something like this , a nice floral . again , not too tall . this is a nice height , it covers your oasis with your t-leaf , and it 's just pretty . next we 'll be discussing working with oasis .
5PGUI7UDWEU alright now we 're going to talk about emotional content with regards to the face . or the face with regards to emotional content , however you want to think about it . now remember we 're dealing with drama , intensity , tragedy , crisis , stress and the best place to reflect all of that is in the face . but something that you do n't want to do is this . oh , no ! you can maybe bury your hands in your face for a second , or maybe on a pause , but you do n't want to keep your head buried down in your face we wo n't be able to hear you , we wo n't be able to see you . something else you might want to do or not do , do you ever watch soap operas ? and you know it 's like de , de , de , something happens and the character is like , ok , you can do that ' can be really cool . what that 's called is a reaction and that 's what we 're looking for is reactions to the interchanges between the characters . are you hurt , are you angry , are you sad . what 's going on with you . you want to show us all those things through your face in dramatic interp . like katherine says well , well , well , i never thought you 'd show up . so she is basically saying hey blank , where you been ? well how does that make seal feel ? well does it hurt feelings did it frustrate her . so maybe she drops her head we see a forlorn look on her face before she says i had intended to come but she can take that moment to show in her face how she feels about it . alright ? so that is really , really good stuff to react . alright you know i wanted to have you supervising at the board these days at the christmas party . katherine , where 's anna ? alright that 's in the look that says i ai n't taking your crap no more . ok. give it that look , this is drama , this is serious . take those moments .
b0mHcAH0Poo fakie ollie disaster . the fakie ollie disaster gets it 's name because if it 's done incorrectly , it can be a big mistake . but if it 's done with control , the fakie ollie disaster can be a very fun trick to have wired . what you do for a fakie ollie disaster , is you come up backwards on the ramp , with your back foot on the tail and your front foot somewhere over the front bolts . just before you get to the coping of the ramp , you let your wheels hit , so you do kind of a small ollie , you let your wheels hit the back of the coping , and you travel in the air just a little bit , and then lands in the disaster position . and then put weight on your nose , and then travel down and back into the quarter pipe . the fakie ollie disaster is an especially good trick to have in case you 're rolling backwards after another trick on the other wall of a ramp . and it 's a good trick to have because you can control it , pop it up , land on the coping and then come down . the better you get at fakie ollie disasters , the higher you can eventually get them . and start popping them and having a lot of control over them . and they 're also a good trick to have to get speed for the next side of the ramp , by coming in and making sure that you get in just past the coping and have a lot of speed to pump and be able to hit the other side , since your feet are in the position to do another trick at the other side of the wall . so that 's how you do a fakie ollie disaster .
bvmgRBUSIYc this is vicki walker for expert village . we have chose our fabric . we have applied trim . we have sewn the d rings into the side seams and we have put the cord through the casing on both sides . in one side and out the other , in one side and out the other . draw the bag close at the top . make sure that , that works the way that it is suppose to . it should be a easy draw for a little girl . then we brought the cords down and attached them to the d ring . if you would like to try another method besides the d ring . if you have the grommet equipment that his a good solution . you can do like this backpack have the grommet at the bottom with a reinforcement on the other side to hold that to make sure that it is sturdy . the cords can just be brought through the hole that the grommets makes and knot it on the other side . another option would be to just have a loop of fabric large enough that the cords can be sewn into our attached to . rather then having the d rings on the bottom like we have done here . but all in all i believe this little bag would make one little girl a happy little camper and she would have many years of enjoyment out of these backpacks .
-bLfarX5JXU mike lopez : hi . i 'm mike lopez with expert village , and today we 're going to be discussing the black color from `` magic : the gathering '' . and now i 'm going to discuss `` nightmare '' . `` nightmare '' is a very powerful card out of the black color . it is a rare from the basic set . it has always been a rare and it has been around for a long time . so again , we have creature `` nightmare '' , which means it is a nightmare creature that gets benefits for anything that benefits nightmares . `` nightmare '' cost you 5 and a black , which means its converted mana cost is 6. this means that you 're getting a very big creature or a very cool creature , in which case this is both . so again , as you see down here , `` nightmare '' does not have power and toughness . it has stars for power and toughness ought to be . so again , this means that something on the card is going to tell you what these equal . this creature has flying , which means they can only be blocked by flying creatures and/or creatures with reach and `` nightmare 's '' cool power is that its power and toughness are equal to each of the number of swamps you control , which means that if you have 6 swamps , if you play this with all black mana , then you at least have a 6/6 creature with flying , which means your mana production is perfectly equal for this card , and/or you could play this card in any multicolored deck , and you could still get pretty much even mana production as long as you have enough swamps to put enough power and toughness on them . also , this goes up every time you have a swamp so this has unlimited potential . it 's a very powerful card .
DsbLRAdnEHM hi , this is lauren here on behalf of expert village and we 're talking about accessories , specifically hats . when you choose a hat , make sure that it goes with your personality and the shape of your face . play around with it . some people do n't think that they necessarily have the features for a hat , but with all the different options these days , you 're bound to find something that works for you , whether it 's a trucker 's hat , a painter 's hat , or even a hat like mine . in my case , the work here on the hat and the color of it matches the shoes that we looked at earlier . now , i did n't plan it that way or buy these two together but sometimes you kind of luck out and while you 're piecing things together in your closet , you have two things that just kind of seem like they fit together . when you 're shopping for a hat , go ahead and try on things that you would n't normally choose . if you do n't normally purchase them , stick with something that 's an easy color and versatile that will go with a lot of the things that are already in your closet . stay with us , and in this next segment we are going to be talking about how to accessorize with you purse .
DJbm2wCIMwY now that you know some of the rules of blackjack , i  d like to show you just how it would start . we  re going to start here of course with a deck of cards , fifty-two , as we  ve seen before , i  m going to do a shuffle , basic bridge shuffle here , i do that maybe one or two times , maybe cut a couple of times , shuffle it once more , to get the cards nice and shuffled . some blackjack tables , most often , have a chute , which the cards will come from the side , it  s a container of multiple cards , but for all intents and purposes , i  m going to be using my hands to deal . now , what we have is called a cut card . so when dealing by hand , i  m going to ask a player to cut , anywhere in the deck , say there , and now we going to move those cards to the top and as you see , the bottom is protected , you can  t see what is going on , this is the cut card .
3IRXMM5MiXs we 're going to come into a nice sole walk here . so first you want to make sure that the feet are positioned properly . so i 'm going to gently pull , toes slightly more in than the heels , perfect . go ahead and stand right up . and i 'm going to place a foot right on one foot and then a foot onto the other one . and my toes are slightly more in than my heels too . and you start just gently stepping one foot to the other in a nice rocking motion . and kind of walk up a little bit . do n't stand on those heels . walk down a little bit . again walking up , and walking down in a nice rocking motion . and then go ahead and turn around . place the heel on the sole of the foot and a heel , and again , coming into that nice rocking motion as you slowly walk up , stop before you get to the heels then again , coming back and forth , up and down . and to finish it off turn around . go ahead and place one foot on that right foot and just kind of start gently rocking back and forth , back and forth . let 's even her out here , foot on top , rocking back and forth , back and forth . sole walk .
034pv2RSK8E hamstring curls in a quad prone position . we 're going to put the weight behind our knee . make sure you 've got a weight that you 're going to be able to control and keep in there . some people like the , you can get balls , medicine balls , little weighted balls to put in there as well , but this will work just fine with our hands underneath our shoulders . knees square with the hips . and we 're going to contract exhale and inhale release . it is not necessary to come all the way back down , because then i lose neutral posture . you want to maintain neutral posture , this is kind of a half plank . so we exhale , we contract , we do n't want to go any higher than the hip , after that we 're involving the low back and the exercise is over . primary focus remember is hamstring , passes into the glut . leave the ankle , the foot , nice and soft , do n't excessively point or flex . it 's not going to put any more workload in there . you 've already got resistance to the movement , you 've got position of the movement . nice slow and controlled , up two , down two . working within ten to fifteen reps , three sets .
cswj9ImmqkM hi ! i 'm karen for expert village . now we 'll sew on our ears and place our spots . what you do is lay your 2 doggy sides , doggy head portions , in opposite directions so that the right side of the fabric is up . we 're going to place the ear on there about here . whatever looks good . whatever you pin it on one side , you want to make sure that on the other side it 's in the exact same spot . look at little clues like where it attaches to the neck and how high up it is to the head . you do n't want to place it way up here on the top of the head because we need room to sew that together , so we 're going to pull it down a little more than a 1/4 inch . maybe 3/8 inches down from the top of the head . check to make sure that you have room to sew all the way around it and then make sure that it 's the same on both sides . it does n't have to be exactly exactly because this is a homemade thing . now , for the spots you want to place those spots wherever you like them . they can be anyway you want , and just put one pin in there to hold it in place . next , we 'll be sewing our ears to the doggy and then we 'll sew the spots to the doggy .
4GG2H4QR9W8 how you doing ? my name is j and i 'm going to be talking to you guys on behalf of expertvillage.com today we are going to make a quesadilla and we are going to make a fresh guacamole and a mango sauce with the quesadilla . the first thing on this i 'm going to do is show you how to pick out ingredients . first of all you have the tomato , the tomato needs to be nice and firm all the way around . you want there to be no bruising or no big dents and you want it to be bright red . the avocado for the guacamole now you want this avocado to be nice and tender . you do n't want it to be real hard or anything like that , you want to be able to push this circle button on the very top to push that button in and if sinks in like that then that it is nice and firm in the inside . you got your mango we want to make sure that your mango is pretty tender so if you push it down you can go in but you do n't want it to be so soft where you thumb goes right through . you want it to be kind of firm but at the same time you want it to be also tender . same thing with your lime you want to see a nice tenderness going all the way around it and you want it to be bright green . if you see any browning or it is kind of hard that means that it is a older lime and you do n't want to go around that lime you want it to stay away from that . with your serrano 's you also want them to be bright green and just look around and make sure that there is no holes or bruising . you onions are kind of hard to tell what your onions look likes because it has a wrap around it you just want to go around the onion and kind of feel and make sure there is no holes or anything like that and the same thing with the shallots . you want to go around and make sure there is no holes and that is how you can pick ingredient for making this meal .
bLfioomtM6c okay so we 've got our cage , we 've got our heating , we 've got our thermometer set up . what do we put in the cage ? so the next thing we 're going to talk about is sub straight . which is what we fancy reptile people call bedding . now there 's a couple different things you can do with sub straight . we 're going to talk about what i recommend and what 's out there . first thing there 's the calci-sand , okay , you can buy it at any pet store . and that 's a calcium carbonate of sub straight . it 's a calcium carbonate that 's been ground up into sand like material . there 's the recycled newspaper beddings like carefresh and there are other brands out there as well . that also a decent way to go . and then of course there 's your cocoa bedding that tends to be pretty inexpensive and easy to use as well . now the varies pros and cons on these sub straights . this one of course if you use you want to dry it out before you use it . you do n't want to use it in your aquarium while wet . when you make this it comes in a brick . generally you have to put it in a gallon of warm water and let it expand over the course of a half an hour . after that you 're going to want to spread it out under a heat lamp and let it dry out before you put it in your aquarium . you do n't want to be using wet sub straights for a sand boa so much . it 's not necessarily going to hurt them but we do n't want to cause any undo chills or anything and maybe cause respiratory infection . next , the pros and cons of the recycled newspaper bedding of course it does n't look very attractive . it 's just a gray ugly bedding . but it holds tunnels well . that 's nice for the sand boas . however personally i 'm not a huge fan of it . it is a little dusty and it is a little pricey as well .
BV6vWsJxdOA hi ! i 'm shelly cordsen with expertvillage.com and we are making are making luggage tags today . two of the items you do need just for the luggage tags is craft pellon , craft pellon is you could get it in different weights . for this project this project we need a thick heavy weight and make sure that it says pellon craft bounding . interfacing will now work you need have this pellon and you could find it at any fabric store . another item that you are going to need is some plastic you will find this at your fabric store or your local wal-mart and they would be on big old rolls because a lot of people buy it as tablecloths covers just to lay on there tables . you do n't need very much but one of my recognition is when you get home with it is that you spread it out and put it somewhere where it is protected . i attend to get my folded and then i get a lot of wrinkles in it and i ca n't use it and i waste alot so take it from me lay it flat somewhere at home if even slide it under your bed . what you are going to need is some of that plastic 3x5 , the pellon you are going to need a strip and we would cut this interfacing pellon 3x11 1/2 . you would fabric of your choose . this one i 'm choosing little frogs i have a daughter that she is going to be traveling and she is into frogs . we need one strip 3 1/2x12 . we are going to cut our strips to 3 1/2x12 strips and you could use the lines on your cutting board i tend to use my ruler alot . i have a straight edge here and i will find 3 1/2 on my ruler , lay that edge right down on my fabric and then with my rotary cutter cut one strip . and i have my strip , now i need it to be 12 inches long and so i happen to have a ruler that is 12 inches and i 'm going to put that right on there . cut that . the other thing we are going to need is a strip for a handle and the handle is going to be 2x14 which is exactly i have my 12 one and i 'm goign to use my board on this one to 14. line up my lines right here and cut that and that would be for my handle and that is all we need for our luggage tag .
3jHVYqqDOb8 now , we 've already talked about how to punch . how to react to a punch . now , what we want to do is add sound to it . if i just hit liz like this , we go boom and there 's no sound it does n't give a very good impact . what happened ? did i hit her ? did i just miss ? who knows . so , what we want to do is we want to add what 's called a knap . not like the sleepy kind . and , not like a cat nap . but , a knap which is basically creating the sound of a hit . there are lots of different kinds of knaps . typical knap is just clapping your hands together . it 's good to cup them to make it , it makes a nicer sound . so , you 've got a nice percussion going on there . next , you 've got something called the chest knap . right here , right below your collar bone it makes a really good sound like a hollow sound . so , if you hit that you can get a nice good hit and it 's not going to hurt you . do n't look at my redness , because i am very white . but , if you hit yourself right there it 's not going to hurt . but , it 's going to make a really nice sound . next , you have shared knaps . which , if i 'm going to slap her , come here and look like this . and , i come down like this you heard a little hit just meant that i just hit her hand right here . i just came down like that . so , it made a nice sound like a slap in the face . you 've also got slip knaps , which are things especially if you want to do an uppercut . if liz wants to uppercut me , you 'll notice that she simply slipped that knap in there . very good . you also have contact knaps . which , if i want to do a contact stomach hit you want to make sure that you know where you 're hitting . so , you want to test with your partner . is this good right here ? alright . so , you feel so you know you want to hit right about there . so , what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to swing back . que . and , then hit her . it makes a really nice sound and it does n't hurt her at all , so we 're good . we also have what 's called contact stomach kick . so , what i do is i set this leg up . i 'm going to torque my body like so . so , we torque . kick . so , with this you want to make sure that you 're hitting with the laces right here on your shoe . never , ever kick with the toe . that will hurt . so , you want to kick right here and it will make a better sound too . so , if i step torque kick . makes a nice sound . her tummy 's all good , does n't hurt . so , in our fight i 'm going to add a knap a chest knap to my cross punch . so , if we position ourselves normal this is what it 's going to look like . and , that is how you put a single punch together .
cFtzZ1uzSHI hi , i 'm bryan billhimer , and on behalf of expert village today i 'm going to show you how to restring and tune a guitar . so once you got your first string in tune , now you can tune the rest of your strings to that string . so the first thing you want to do is now you got your a. your a is in tune . so we have to find an a on the low e string . i know that that 's on the fifth fret . so i 'm going to fret the fifth string . or i 'm sorry , i 'm going to fret the fifth fret on the low e string . i 'm going to hit that , and i 'm going to hit my a string . as you can see , they 're not even close . so i 'm going to tighten this up until i get it close to the a. the other thing you can listen for too , a little trick i learned , is when two notes are out of tune you 'll hear like a , it 's called a beat . it 's like you can hear the sound wave beating back and forth . now that sound wave will be faster the more out of tune it is . so you can listen for that sound wave to kind of spread out and get slower and that means you 're getting closer into tune . i can hear that that wave is kind of going like this right now . and when you do n't hear that wade , that wave , the beating against the two notes , then that means you 're in tune . so now we 're in tune .
5xviKas8BjQ hi ! this is matt on behalf of expert village , and today i 'm going to show you how to make arroz con pollo , spanish chicken and rice . now that we have our parsley and our cilantro chopped , let 's work on our red pepper and green pepper . we 'll start with a red pepper . it 's pretty simple . you want to cut this pretty fine , but not that fine because it 's going to go into our food processor , so we do n't have to really kill ourselves here . let 's just cut around the core and pull that out . we 're just going to cut this in half . let 's just get all the junk out that we do n't need , which is the seed and this gristle . put that off to the side . now we 're just going to run our knife through it . cut it up kind of fine . it does n't have to be extremely fine , because like i said , this is all going to go into the food processor . the food processor is going to finish up the job for us . then we 're just going to go over that again . be careful with your fingers . this is pretty small . it 's not extremely fine , but fine enough for what we need to do here . that 's pretty good . great . what we 're going to do is let 's get our green pepper . we 'll get the rest of this later . same thing . cut around the stem here in the middle and just kind of pop it right up and right out . there you go . from the side . we  ll cut that in half and work on one half at a time . we 're going to dump all the stuff that we do n't need . the gristle and the seeds . put that off to the side . get some of our red peppers over here . that 's a good thing about having a big cutting board . you definitely have plenty of room to work . i 'm just going to do the same exact thing we did with the red peppers . just kind of chop them pretty fine , but not extremely fine . i 'm going to finish this up and the rest of these , and then we 'll see you in the next step .
BS1BHCEhtks people disobeying the conservation laws is a , really is a black eye for all hunter 's , and is the source of much of the anti-hunter 's venom . so , if we would like to continue generations of hunting into the future , it 's very important that we operate as hunters in general , as a unified group of people who have equal respect for their fellow hunter 's . regardless of whether they 're hunting with a shotgun , a rifle , a bow and arrow , a pistol , it really does n't matter if they 're in a tree , on the ground , we have equal respect for all , as we 're all hunter 's and we 're all utilizing the outdoors in a lawful method , that is conducive to the management of the game . and , really it 's in the best interest of the game as areas get overpopulated when you do n't harvest the game . disease can spread , you know , they die horrible deaths where it seems cruel with a shotgun or a rifle , but it is really a very swift death , compared to for example : a deer or a turkey being chased down by a pack of coyotes over the course of a mile , two miles , whatever it takes and they are drug down repeatedly , that is a horrible death ! this is much more humane . so , we would all be much better served to get along and show everybody in the world how we respect what we hunt everyday . thank you !
CPcub5GpB-c what better way to say i have money than by making your clothes out of money . my name is robert segundo and today i 'm going to teach you how to make a bowtie out of money . what we 're going to do is , we 're going to start off with a dollar bill , but if you 're a high roller you 'd use a ben franklin instead of my george washington here . what we 're going to do is , we 're going to take him and going to fold him over like this and half like so , what we 're going to is take it and fold it half once again , like this . now what we 're going to do take the point , the closed point here and fold it over into a triangle like so . now what we 're going to do is we 're going to open this up and this is going to be the tricky part , because you see , you have your diamond here . let 's actually do it on the face side up , what we 're going to do is we 're going to take , basically going to fold this piece in , like so and then wrap this one using our triangle pieces , we 're going to just kind of wrap that over it , like so , there you go . now what you 're going to do is you 're going to take your little triangle piece and fold it up , you 're going to take it , you 're going to open it up and you 're going to squash fold it like so and then what you 're going to do is at the open end you 're going to take it and do a petal fold , which this is really small and tedious to do . so you 're going to open it , it 's going to take you a little bit to do this . so you 're going to be able to show people that you have lots of money and lots of patience . basically you 're going to petal fold it , when you 're done petal folding it . get rid of that one , i already got one pre-done here . it 's going to look like this guy here . so now what we 're going to do is we 're going to take our dollar bill and we 're going to fold this leg over , like so , into the center like so . we 're just going to pre-crease it and then what we 're going to do is we 're going to open this up and this is called reverse syncing it , like so . now taking it to work with it and get it to open up and play nice , there you go and then do the other side as well . fold it over , sync it , and reverse sync it , like so . then what you 're going to do is you 're going to flip the sides over , now make sure you petal fold it on both sides , i 've done both sides here . you 're going to fold it over like this to the flat side and you 're going to open it up and what you 're going to have left is this point here and what you 've got to do is you 've got to squish this point down , which i 've already done here . there you have it , your dollar bill bowtie , wear your money and be proud .
aISoGjCgTYg hi ! this is jon on behalf of expert village . in this video clip , i will be talking about diagnosing coolant leaks . you may first notice a coolant problem because your car is over heating or running a lot harder than it should . the first thing you want to do is check the engine coolant reservoir and see if that is low . on the side of it , there will be indicators that will tell you how full it should be filled . if your coolant reservoir is low , what you want to do is go ahead and add a little bit more coolant to it and then wait a few days and go ahead and check it again . if in a few days it is low again , then you know that you might have a coolant leak . next if you have a puddle of liquid under your car that smells sweet , then it is probably coolant ; and if you have this much liquid , then you have a major leak .
5jmKun_WKCw throughout the course of everyday life , we 're all going to incur some type of injury . hi , i 'm captain joe bruni . what i want to talk about is how to treat the minor fractured rib . fractured rib can present itself in sharp pain , especially during the inspiration of breathing . if the person is suspected of having a cracked rib or a fractured rib , pieces of adhesive tape , one to two inches in width should be placed across the fracture area site by taping from the front of the sternum all the way around to the back of the spine , taping across the fracture suspected site , and taping slightly below and slightly above that area . this will help reduce pain and keep that area stable . after the area has been taped off , the person should be encouraged to cough to keep secretions and fluids from accumulating and pooling in the lung . it will be painful , but encourage the person to cough to avoid this secondary problem from occurring . if it 's a major fracture site it will have to be treated as a flailed chest by placing some type of device and keeping that person still as they breathe , and keep reducing movement in that flail or damage segment area . i 'm captain joe bruni . stay safe , and we 'll see ya ' next time .
2hxzSpoDIAQ off season training for football . the rope climb . this is the third exercise in our second superset . what we are working on right now is rope climb . it 's basically a very , very good strength and conditioning exercise that will work well into the superset . what jones is going to do is he 's going to demonstrate the superset . he 's going to anchor his feet and then he 's going to work up . what we 're working on right now is just ten climbs so , five for each hand . so , five up and five down . what he 's doing is that he 's using one arm , pulling it up and then pulling himself back down . he 's coming back down and each one coming down counts as a rep to . we 're going to do twenty all together . it 's going to be ten up , ten down . good . this is a very strong and powerful exercise to work with . we 're going to talk about anchoring as well , for safety reasons . when you anchor what you 're going to do is you 're going to take the side of your foot , you 're going to press out against the rope and then bring the other foot underneath and then youre going to step on top of it . you 're placing the rope on top of the shoe lace part of your foot so that you 're stable . that 's going to allow you hold there still . this is a very heavy duty exercise so you want to make sure that you 're strong and stable before you begin . jones is going to finish up his set up here and i 'm going to just take a moment to say that not every gym has a rope and not every person has access to a rope so if you do n't have a rope work on a pull down machine with a closed grip handle so that your hands are close together . that will simulate this exercise as best as possible . again , what i said is that we are doing ten strokes up and ten strokes down . you do n't need to do all ten straight up and all ten straight down . you could do two up , two down or four up and four down . whatever , but it 's going to be to be ten up and then ten down . then we 'll move onto the last exercise in this superset .
3n-wnSb9AT4 after you 've covered up the floral foam with your greenery , the pittosporum and the seeded eucalyptus , the next thing your going to want to do is add a mass flower . so , in this particular case , we 're going to use the dianthus . i know this is a small design , and this looks like a small flower , but it is a mass flower . it 's a nice cluster of flowers , and it 's going to take up quite a bit of space in this small design . so again , we 're going to give it a fresh cut , and we 're going to go around the edges , following the lines of the container which is round . and we 're going to make like a triangle on the bottom of the container . a triangle shape . so , i will show you what that looks like . there 's a triangular shape . and then we 're going to add one in the very middle . and that is how you add your mass flowers . you could also add a couple more if you like . and you would just go in between the other lines . so as a triangle , we 're just going to add like another tier to this design , making one more triangle . so now you can see we 've got a nice , round shape happening here . and that 's how you add your mass flowers .
bz9R-Xa5xqM hi , my name is paul becker and i 'm here to talk to you about accordions today on behalf of expert village . in this section we will talk about a very important set of accordion which is wet versus dry tuning . if you recall we have different reed blocks , we have different registers to engage those reed box . now in dry tuned accordions those reed blocks are tuned so they are right in tune with each other and this would be a example . that is actually 3 reeds playing together a 16 foot a very bass , a 8 foot and a 4 foot . so that is a dry tuned accordion . now we will show you the difference with a wet tuned accordion . this accordion is a wet tuned accordion and it also has 3 reeds but in this case 2 of the reed in this case they are 2 8 foot reeds so they are perfectly a little bit off from each other . they are detuned , so the effect that you get is a tremolo or a vibration . if you listen carefully you can hear the wowa wowa . this gives the accordion a little brighter sound , some musicians like it , some kind music favorites as music eastern european , jewish music like this music , french music . like sometimes it is called music and this is how it sounds . so if you are ever thinking about buying a accordion you have to almost divide yourself into 2 universes they are dry tuned accordions and wet tune accordions and very rarely , very few can do both so you are going to have to decide what sound do you like .
E3kWSyjtxow so in kaput , you might say that twos and fives are bad . well , they 're bad if it 's your turn , if it 's your other turn , if it 's your opponents turn , the other guy , then you want twos and fives to come up . what 's the reason ? well in a roll where a two shows up , then despite the fact that these other dice score points , the , the two being there means that this roll is worth zero . you would take out that die , and roll the remaining four . and again if you have a roll and a five comes up , alas , the roll scores no points and you lose one of the dice . so if i roll , there 's a two , there 's a five , these dice are worth zero and the roll is worth a zero despite these other dice coming up on other sides that can score points . the only way to score points is if you roll and there are no twos or fives .
06tA1xvaSt8 now , you 'll notice with our edges , already sort of peeled away , you 're like well , you know , some of the toners coming off , it all looks a little rugged . first off , some of the rugged , harder edged effects , that is part of the transfer . you got ta keep in mind that a lot of those with smoother edges , that the grays and the whites are going to be reduced down to like , you know , darker than wood . what 's more , if you discover , if you think too much toner 's coming off , to the point where you 're losing the image , odds are you 're scrubbing too hard . go from the rough side , to the smooth side . what 's more , in terms of getting into , like , the really more detailed areas , where you 're just going to be on the basic shape of the shoulder . i strong , strongly recommend just rubbing with the smooth side , and having a lot of water , cause this is going to help you , get even more of the paper off . and you 'll notice that , you know , a lot of the toner underneath here , is staying on , much more so , than what you had on , lower below . but yeah , if you find out that a lot of it 's coming off , stop scrubbing so hard . that 's probably the big problem . cause , yeah , some of the toner will come off , that 's part again , part of , sort of part of the effect , but you should still be able to very easily recognize the picture underneath . and you should n't be taking off big heaps of toner . that means you are scrubbing too hard . so , with the smooth side , we 're going to work in here , all through out the middle , until we have all the paper , that we want all the paper fiber , is going to be off .
EeJxnvXI2Do hi , my name is lucy spain on behalf of expert village here to talk about an introduction into cheer leading . after we find out about where our tryouts are going to be held and what the requirements are , you are going to need to make a decision of whether you are ready to tryout for a junior varsity squad or a varsity squad . a junior varsity squad is going to be the beginning of level squad , the varsity is going to be a more advanced squad . that is not to say for your first time cheering you may be ready for a varsity squad if you have a background in gymnastics or some other skills that might add on to your quality as a cheerleader you may be ready to go ahead and step up for the varsity squad . once you get a list from your coach about what to expect at each tryout , there is going to be certain things you have to master . there will be different jumps , different tumbles and different stunts for each squad . i would recommend if you 're just starting out to start by mastering the basics because you 're going to have a better chance of making the squad . you confidence is going to be up and then maybe after that you 'll be ready to tryout for a varsity squad . you also have to consider again the time and dedication that you want to put in if you want to put in 2 nights a week of practice as opposed to 4 nights a week . i would definitely consider starting out the junior varsity squad . it 's also going to matter in whether or not your going to be traveling varsity squads are going to travel a lot more . you may be even going out of state or even out of the county for competitions so that is an important factor as well . now that you have gotten to look over your junior varsity and varsity requirements , you need to make a decision and start mastering those skills .
0HjhaTfGAdE hi ! i  m lachland clarke on behalf of expert village . i would like to invite you to visit our website at www.teamclarke.org . a good parka is something to have and with that good parka you want to have a really good rough . they make ruffs out of different animal hides . the ruff is sort of that piece that goes around the top of the hood and a ruff will gather close to your face and keep the frost bite off your cheeks and nose . if it is made out of the correct animal hide , coyote is used by sort of mid-priced parkas . this is a really good parka and linda bought me ; this is a wolverine double ruff ; wolf on the outside and wolverine closest to your skin . the 2 vest pieces of fur to keep frost off your face . neither wolf nor wolverine will absorb water or frost which is why they are used versus some of the other ruff materials . ruff  s have been made out of coyote . i  ve got one here made out of coyote ruff . wolf is pretty prevalent ; wolverine is getting pricier , very little trapping of wolverine in this state , so we usually get it from northern canada . then i have a 2 parka system where i would wear an anorak which is a pull over type of garment that doesn  t zip all the way down . that keeps the wind from getting in the holes created naturally by the zipper .
FTvqteosAN4 hi i 'm stand defreitas , mr. green thumb . this particular herb is rue . now you probably have n't grown it , but you probably should . rue can be used in tea , it can be used as a garnish . it 's a pretty little plant that makes an excellent addition in your herb garden and when you think about rue it probably should have a well draining soil which means you are going to add some pearl lights , some vermiculite , maybe some builder 's sand when you start to plant your rue . now it takes about six hours of good sun a day so do n't plant it in the shadiest spot in your herb garden . also of course makes sure it is a well draining site as well . there again if it is going to sit in water that can be a detriment . i know we talk about that balance quite often but this is one that probably likes a little bit of dryness in between . the rue makes a nice plant that gets maybe as far as three feet tall and it also has a nice yellow flower . you want to use it before it goes to flower so most of the time you are going to be taking cuttings maybe two or three times during the season and you 'll have plenty of rue for your tea and also your herb garden . for on gardening , i 'm stan defreitas , mr. green thumb .
FciuXlgJsmY o'kay we are just about at our corner and again you really want to be checking on yourself to make sure that everything is lining up and this needs to be hitting just about here and it is lining up so we are doing good . grab the hole right in front of it and then grab that through there and pull that up . now we are actually at our corner and so what we need to do is we need to get as much yarn over this corner as possible . this is a high stress area , very easy for it to come apart so we want to make sure that we have got lots of yarn going across just to make it that much stronger . we are going to go over it and you want to grab just wherever your needle will go through and just stick it through as many bits of yarn as you can , see i 've got about three on there and then just pull your yarn through , muscle it , there we go , we 've got a nice loop hanging right over there and then we are going through the one right after it . okay make sure you are pulling it really tight and this is our corner and you just want to make sure it is all good and closed off and you see our seam does a nice little turn right there and you just want to make sure that you do before and after and over it at least once to make sure this corner is good and strong so it does n't come apart when you use it .
d78dMNym-xQ now , let 's talk about something that all artists absolutely love to do and that is to make things that do n't feel like making art , the press kit . right ? you want to show yourself to a record label , to somebody who wants to book you for an engagement for a gig , whatever . all that kind of stuff . they need to find out who you are and they need to find out in a way that 's actually interesting to them . so , you want to make something that is professional , that comes across like you actually have done this before because people do n't want to hire people that have n't done it before . you want to make it interesting and you want to make it do things that they were n't expecting . put little stuff in there that they were n't expecting to get . so , you can see all the elements that i have in there . i 've got my press photo . i 've got , this is actually the cover for my folder on here . i 've got my folder , black , glossy folder , it looks nice . you can choose your own color , just make sure it looks nice . maybe white , i do n't know . and then i 've got all this information . this is actually a press release and i 've got different elements of my bio that i 'm going to get into . i 've got these little cd , dvd holders and these will come really handy in later . and , if you do n't have a released cd yet , then you make sure you have a sticker to put on a blank cd and then you also have a little sticker stamper type of thing . you got your tape , you got your scissors . you should be all set .
1ljAz5cBwjQ somewhere in egypt is a big river called denial , and often times we are in denial because we do n't really want to admit what we 're doing . and that brings up , what is the definition of dating ? this is dr. paul , author of `` boomer girls , a boomer woman 's guide to men and dating '' , and host of ask dr. paul . what is the definition of dating ? it 's very simple , you 're dating someone who is in your life . if you 're dating in general terms , than you 're quote , unquote , dating . you have a number of people that you 're seeing . by definition , dating means you 're dating and seeing one person . seeing people means that you 're going with people to different places , and with different people . but dating , by definition , means that you 're with one person , that you 're seeing on a regular basis . that , basically is dating . sometimes , as i said , people are in denial . they are not really wanting to admit that , they are seeing other people , but that they 're dating one person , when they 're not . do n't be in denial to yourself , and certainly do n't be in denial to others . be honest , be totally up front . look , i 'm seeing you , and i 'm dating you , and i 'm not seeing someone else . or , i 'm seeing others , and i 'm seeing you . but you 're not dating . by definition , the definition is , if you 're dating , you 're dating some one , you 're not seeing many people . so , by definition , be it merriam webster , or anybody else 's definition , it means being with a single person . whether you 're male or female , that 's what dating is defined as . i 'm dating this person . this is dr. paul , may your fantasies of today , be your realities of tomorrow .
CbZ6CNglRDo hi , i 'm april kirkhart with work of heart yoga . and i just wanted to take a moment to thank katie fernando for helping me to demonstrate yoga poses for woman in their second and third trimester of pregnancy . thank you katie for all of the time you were able to spend helping me do that . and just to wrap up , i 'm going to be showing two poses that are wonderful way to round out your practice for third trimester . in this clip i 'll be showing you badakonasana or cobblers pose for woman who are in their third trimester of pregnancy . so first you want to make sure you have your sticky mat , and perhaps a blanket or one of your meditation cushions to sit up on . often times in the third trimester , as the belly grows , as your baby is growing and getting bigger , it becomes more difficult to sit up straight without rounding in the back . it 's also sometimes much more comfortable , take some of the pressure off the hips , and the low back , to sit up a little bit higher . so for your badakonasana or your cobblers pose , you 're going to sit just on the edge , maybe a little bit back further on your blanket or cushion . draw the bottoms of the feet together . sit up nice and tall as you hold onto the ankles . and allow the knees to soften towards the floor . so sitting up nice and tall , opening through the collar bones , drawing the shoulders down and back . make sure you reach through the crown of the head , and just allow the belly to be full and soft . and again , imagine the knees drifting towards the floor . and if it feels uncomfortable to start to come forward , if you do n't have room for the belly , go ahead and draw the hands just behind the hips , and just focus on opening through the heart , pressing the bottoms of the feet together , and allowing the hips to drop open . if it feels safe , you can go ahead and hold onto the ankles , open through the collar bones , and start to come forward . just coming forward as far as it feels comfortable for you , allowing space for the belly , for the baby , and just breathing into the hips . you can hold the pose for about 20 or 30 seconds . and when you 're ready to come out , inhale , lift up through the heart and the crown of the head , and then go ahead and relax , drawing the knees together and stretching the legs out . and that is the cobblers pose for third trimester .
5J4DlKgyxjc how to avoid an irs audit . if you are a partner or a shareholder in an entity that has been audited by the irs , you can expect to at least have a glance taken at your individual tax return if there is a problem identifying with the partnership or the corporate return . if you 're a shareholder in one of these companies and there 's an item noted in the tax return that let 's say having to do with mileage , automobile expenses , and question about auto allowances per se that has been an issue on the corporate or the partnership return , then it very well could be that the irs is going to have your return amended to go along with the items that have been amended on the corporate or the partnership return . so , if you 're a member of a partnership or a corporation and that entity gets audited you might be aware that you could also be audited because of your relationship with that entity . how to avoid that , if that entity is audited and you know that that information is going to affect the change on your personal return , you want to be proactive and go ahead and make those changes to your return before the irs comes knocking and wants to make those changes for you . that 's how you can avoid an audit of your return .
_623ceGVdok hi , i 'm stan defreitas , mr. green thumb . this plant is called kalanchoe , sometimes called the leaf of life plant . why ? because you could break off a leaf , and pin it to their curtain , and it starts to try to put out roots . it 's a succulent kind of flowering plant , but the beauty of the kalanchoes is they 'll take hot full sun . you can have them out june , july , august . they 'll take tremendous amounts of heat and they still do well . it 's got a real succulent kind of rubbery type leaf , but the flowers will flower about eight to ten months a year . as far as fertilization , any good water soluble every two or three weeks should be fine at about half strength , or if you use a granular , well according to label directions . use some of the time released fertilizers at the time that you set your bed up . normally , these will be planted in mass beds , but they can also be used in pots and containers , where you might put two or three in a large urn . kalanchoes are a rough , tough plant that will take the summer heat well . they 'll take most conditions very nicely . for on gardening , i 'm stan defreitas , mr. green thumb .
Dn3kplQiO2w i 'm going to teach you guys how to do a lay up when you do a lay up you want to start out from the outside of the white line of the blue perimeter and whatever hand you go up with right or left you want to use your opposite leg to lift up with . for example if i go up with my right hand you want jump up with your left leg and you can only take 2 steps when you make a lay up if you take 3 it 's called traveling . and on the opposite side if you use your left hand your going to up with your right leg with your left leg in the air as well i 'll show you . example right hand that 's how you do a right handed lay up and this is your left handed lay up . that 's how you do a right handed and left handed lay up , and that 's how you do a right handed and left handed lay up .
5z1A_QmOKak o.k. , here is our completed hinge ; and as you can see there is no glue or stapling on the sides , all the glue and the stapling is on the front of the front panel and one side panel . now we 're going to attach our second panel , so you want to double check the set up on that . our second panel will be attached here and this one is this , the first panel swings to the back to cover the back of the front panel ; and the second panel is going to swing over the front to cover up our front panel . and so we 're going to be attaching the webbing to the back side of the front panel , and the back side of the second side panel . and you follow the exact same procedure as the fist panels , but apply that to the back side of the front panel and the back side of the second panel .
2nzCQ4r6biM today we 're changing a rear latch on a 96 ford explorer . in this step , i 'm going to demonstrate the proper service procedure for reinstalling our latch and attaching our release rod to the release handle . what we 're going to do is slip the rod through into relative position . pretty close to where it needs to be . we 're going to take and rotate it all there . we 're going to take and reinstall the release tip . what i 'm going to do is take and slip the pin down inside the release handle and take and engage the interlock . just by pushing it onto the rod itself , just like so . give it a wiggle , make sure it 's secure , right there . that is the proper service procedure for reinstalling your latch and release rod .
bhz67-U2p7M now i 'm going to show you some things that can cause valve problems on your trumpet . first of all , of course your trumpet could be extremely dirty , you could have pieces of sand , other debris in your trumpet . the trumpet has a very small space in between the casing and the valve , so anything can get in there and cause damage . as well as any dents that can come from any sharp blow , a drop of your instrument , maybe you dropped it and the valve casing can become out of round . a way to remove that is take your drum stick , and sometimes you might need to flatten the end of it , you want to take your drum stick , of course loosen up your top cap first . take your drum stick , your rawhide mallet , you want to very , very lightly tap on the end as to move that valve out of its casing to remove it . and those are some valve issues that can effect your trumpet .
bz4ICT8JKyk let 's talk about how to keep your dog from shedding . now , there is what are called safer , healthier ways to keep your dog from shedding , and some less healthy ways . we 're just going to focus on the healthier ways that involve using a brush , like this one . a lot of supplements exist , sprays , pills , things you put in your dog 's food that are said to prevent shedding . whether they work or do n't work remains to be seen . a lot of them , the documentation is `` iffy '' , but there 's a lot of those that are n't necessarily the healthiest thing for your dog . what is a healthy way to get the hair out when you want it , and prevent too much from coming out as they 're walking around on your furniture , is by using a brush like this one , which is harder on one side and softer on the other . the other good thing about this is that dogs will typically like them . first , we can use the hard brush side . so we want to start with our dog sitting . sit . and we 'll start with the hard side . and as you can see , she 's paying attention to a lot of the noise going on , but she does seem to like this . you just want to be careful with the hard side going over the head . you do n't want to go too rough . and as you can see , this will really get a lot of hair out . after you 're done with that side , you can switch to the soft side , and with this one you can go all over the head . and as you can see , she really seems to like this . and you can really go as hard as you want with this one , applying pressure . and the amount of hair that this will get out , even from this short-haired dog , is really pretty amazing .
5XOYyJMlLA4 hello , my name 's grady johnson and i 'm a professional painter and today i represent expert village.com . ok , now we 're going to talk a little bit about caulking . now , when you 're caulking be sure you have a good caulking gun like we went over in the beginning and it has a poker on it . if you do n't have a tube of caulking in there then it 's real simple to put one in . just pull this plunger all the way back , pop this out of there and then put it back in there and then tighten it on up , ok ? so , you want to be sure and poke it with your poker , which i 've already done , and then feed the caulking into the end . so lay out your bead and pull that all the way down and you just kind of work that bead down . once you get a little bit of caulking on there run that out with your finger and you want to smooth that out . when you 're running caulking always smooth out the lines because if you leave any ridges on there they 're going to show . now you see i left a little spot at the top so i 'm going to put a little more caulking up there so i can even that out . this happens a lot and you know you just want to finish up your bead . go ahead and even it out when it 's wet and you 're not going to have any problem . then you go ahead and bring the bead up from the bottom and do the same kind of thing . now we bring that on up and then go ahead and bring it on up from the bottom . now we want to look back over it to see if there 's any holes or pin holes , or cracks that you 've left . and that 's looking really , really , good so what i 'm going to do now is i 'm going to finish on the cracks on the base boards and then i 'm going to work on the other door jams as well and get all the cracks in this room so it 's all nice and tight . and these are a few of the tips you need to keep in mind whenever you 're doing the caulking on your interior living room .
CZyffv_onMU my name is brandon sarkis on behalf of expert village . today i ? m gon na show you how to make turkey soup out a leftover turkey after the holidays are done . so here is the pot get the heat going on it and i know that i have to tell you this and i feel terrible for it . you are gon na need the tiniest bit of olive oil in here you know maybe a tea spoon just something to get the vegetables to sweat with . so what we 'll do now is heat our olive oil and now we 're just gon na sweat our vegetables . what we 'll do is add all the vegetables all the same time you know is not a big deal that there are different kinds put them all in there . we go now we are gon na take our spoon or spatula in case like this my case i like the spatula , stir this around . and what i would like to do to get the flavor out of it is to throw a top on or a lit on it set the time for about six minutes . turn the heat down a like for seven or so and just really sweat out the flavor and gon na throw a lit on this and in the mean time i ? m gon na show you how to cut out the turkey carcass .
39Wr2UxTGN0 the other way i 'm going to try and i do n't know how this is going to work but it  s here and i want to try it . this is , this is just a cheap piece of glass , i 'm putting acrylic on it and you 've got to work fast here . you may want to spray this again with a little water to keep it damp . i 'm going to , i 'm going to do this again and see if i can create some texture and i can and there 's two ways to go about this . you can either transfer this just gently rub it and pull it up . so it 's sort of like taking a print off of plastic or you can put this directly on the piece of , i do n't think the saran wrap probably this is going to be very subtle . and i 'm just going to sort of rub this on the back so you get sort of a more water , a more watery version . let me get the water bottle out of the way , so we 've got three ways of sort of doing the same thing . so you put it directly on the paper and you know if you 're very patient you can really control it so i 've got this kind of neat kind going here . on this one i , you know , made an impression on glass , put it on the saran wrap and put it on the paper . and this one i went and just left what was left on the saran wrap and transferred it to the paper . on these two i think you know , i could have let the paper get a little less damp it 's that special you know , just before it hits mat that you want to get this to work . but you can see that you know , you play around with this and you do you know you ca n't always make that effect but you 're always going to get some kind of really cool effect . and you know , as a beginning texture , as a beginning sky perhaps this is a great way to start .
FjntgIZqdFI okay next we need a choose a plant to cut and the possibilities are really endless . what i 'm looking for when i 'm taking a cutting is pretty much a nice juicy tip . something that has a little bit of fat , it has nice stem it is not to stretched out , see all these plants are a good example of something that i might want to cut . what plants would n't make a good cutting are ones that are going into flowers like this mint . mint roots are really easy but this you know it is busy , it is making a lot of other things . i would n't cut that one , this is another example of what would n't make a good the color are off , it is yellow , it is kind of they are all stretched out . i would not really want to cut this plant because it would n't really root well for me . so nice happy , not happy . another example of some things i want a stem that has a tip to it where you can see the spider , it just leaks so we are going to have to find another way to cut this plant and proper gated but a root leaf like this it is not going to grow .
2cRS9th07wg in this segment we are talking about the toeside approach . the same thing with the box you want a little bit of speed so not too much and not too little and make sure that you are approaching instead of flat on a slight toe edge and when you ollie this will put you over the rail . as you approach after you have found your speed and as you approach you want to be on a slight toe side edge and pop from the lip as you pop just like in your 50/50 you are going to position your shoulders over the fail . once you are at the height of your ollie you want to put your back foot down , remember to center that weight and you will feel the nose want to come down but just fight against it and keep your weight on the back . that 's how you approach a five-0 on your toeside .
DwlVtUKfv3s as you are getting ready for the ball to come over the net and to hit it , it 's important that you 're moving side to side and then bouncing on the balls of your feet . you should never just stay put . you should be moving because that 's going to give you the energy to get the ball . you should have your knees bent , your feet spread out , moving side to side . then your back should be angled so that you are ready to move . if you were leaning back like this it 's going to be harder to get up to go get the ball . so when it 's all working right , you 're going to have your feet moving all the time , your hands and your racket moving side to side , your shoulders , your eyes following the ball .
aDAXaO5FFG8 with cat and dog your knees are between the hips and the hands between the shoulders . again you can use a pillow or a blanket for your knees or make two fists into the floor to take the pressure of the wrists . but , in the dog it 's called a wag take the right hip over to towards the right and turn your head right around an look back towards the feet . noticing how far you can actually see when you first start off . take a deep breath in . then exhale come back towards the center . tuck your toes in , your pelvis in , the belly in , the chin in and arch that back up for the cat . then inhale sit up towards your left . look behind you on the right . when you first start this posture see how far you can look back . see the difference when you get to the end . exhale come back toes in , pelvis in , belly in , chin in , arch that back way up high . inhale sit out towards the right and twist the spine if you turn the head right around towards the left back of both feet . then center , exhale , toes in , pelvis in , belly in , chin in arch that back way up high following cat . inhale sit up towards your left look right behind you on the right both feet . center . exhale . toes in , pelvis in , belly in , chin in . arch that back way up high . once more . inhale . sit up towards the right and look right behind you on the left look at both feet . seeing the difference in each time . center . exhale . toes in , pelvis in , belly in , chin in . arch that back way up high and inhale sit up towards your left look right behind you on the right for the last time . then center . exhale . toes in , pelvis in , belly in , chin in . arch that back way up high . spread your knees out into child . release the spine . just lay right down into it . supporting your head upon two fists . the hands are flat on the mat . feel the shoulders release . deep breath in . then exhale . then guide the floor on your way back up .
EtUQ6Ds_lsM hi , i 'm stan de freitas , mr. green thumb , for on gardening . one of the most attractive little trees is that of the bottlebrush . when i say little , the tree can probably get to be thirty feet tall , and yet that 's considered little , compared to trees that get to be a hundred feet tall . as you can see of course , it has that bottlebrush look . it has a neat little red flower that 's an attractive flowering plant , and is used throughout america , especially in the southern part . it 's not real cold hardy , so if you had it up north you 'd probably have to grow it in a container . bottlebrush also have some problems with nematodes , which are microscopic little eelworms which affect the roots . when you plant it , make sure you make a ten-dollar hole for your twenty-dollar tree . that means add extra peat moss , extra cow manure ; really improve that soil . by doing that , you help to improve the beneficial bacteria , which actually eat upon some of the nematodes . so , it 's sort of an organic way of keeping this plant looking its best . bottlebrush of course , are a good choice for all of us , and you might want to have it as your landscape specimen . for on gardening , i 'm stan de freitas , mr. green thumb .
Ddv_JIgbqxw now we 're going to be talking about the topspin or kick serve . the basics of this serve is based on the way you 're going to be tossing the ball and , again , on the way you 're going to be gripping your racquet . that 's going to help you get that spin going on . you 're going to use the continental or hammer grip . the way you want to toss the ball is over you and a little back ; almost like kind of like your back wants to watch . back almost like , ooh you barely , not so much but i 'm just giving you an example of how you kind of need to step back and when you get your racquet out , it 's almost like you want to take a cap out of your head especially with a slice when you 're like hitting it in front of you . you 're going to be hitting this serve like in back of you and almost like taken like a cap out of your head . so , let 's do it ; let 's do an example real quick . let 's do it again and that 's how it 's done .
1ZF-GpZ0ofw in this section we 're going to be discussing a model known as 123s of customer service . i 'm pamela unruh with expert village . in this section we 're going to discuss the model known as the 123s of customer service . now it is just a model meant to help you remember the different types of customer service and what is important as far as following those steps . the one in customer service is to remember to deal with only one customer at a time . it does n't matter what customer just came before or what customer your anticipating will come next or whatever distractions maybe going around you . it 's most important to remember that when you 're dealing with a customer that is only your customer at that time . the two customer service is a two way exchange . now it 's not always just all about the customer wants but you have some input or to make any of that experience great for the customer as well . so remember two way exchange we will discuss all of these a little bit more detail . the three solve or identify your customers issue within three minutes now is that a hard and fast rule , no but it is a very good guideline . when you put together the 123s of customer service you will be providing great customer service for him or her .
bKnIomXhslE my name is abby jones and i am talking about the process of moving into a new space and how to organize each room within that space . right now i 'm in the kitchen and specifically in the pantry talking about the things that i 'm keeping in my pantry and where i 'm putting them in my pantry . so one of the things that i 'm putting in my pantry is my pet food . i have a cat and so i have her food and her treats . that i 'm keeping right here . it 's easily accessible and she gets treats every morning . so i like to have those , those in a place that 's easy to get to and i also have a little basket over here with some other pet supplies . like her flea medicine her heart worm medicine and her brush and a leash that i try to get her to wear but she never wore . so i have , i have this kind of pet area to kind of contain that stuff . i also have a container with bird food in it right here . which is not for my cat and i do n't have birds pets but i have feathered friends that feed . so i need to refill my bird feeder every now and then and keep that down here with my pet supplies . if you have a dog then you might want to think about if your dog has a tendency to get into the food . obviously you would ether want to put your food ether into a plastic container . that he or she can not get into or put it higher up on your shelves . so that , so that the dog does n't get into it . or if you just have a really mean cat .
dDKkzue2EbI this segment on how to cure your slice is related to the grip . earlier i spoke about a left hand grip with your thumb going straight down , where when you 're coming to the ball your hand goes back to it 's normal or natural position and that 's what opens up the club face . now , if you would like to try a hook grip , that right there could cure your slice , and to do that when you hold the club , instead of seeing one knuckle on the back of your left hand , you do n't see two , you do n't see three , you do n't see four , you could actually see four and more . we 're exaggerating , with your right hand . instead of the line from your thumb and forefinger going towards your chin , or between your chin and your shoulder , or instead of at your shoulder , put it to the right of your shoulder . so your grip would look something like this . now , yes i agree that 's excessive , but your reaction to when you slice the ball , acting like a little baby is also excessive . so do n't get me so ma ... if you exaggerate , super-exaggerate and then see if you start hooking the ball too much , that would be a nice little problem would n't it ; and if you do start hooking too much , well then just work your way back slightly . but a change in the grip , very often , can get you from slicing to hooking and do it too much , exaggerate and see what happens .
46wX8xjt7mA on behalf of expert village , my name is lizbeth muller from liz 's hair design in hollywood , florida , and today we 're going to show you how to cut curly hair . before i start shampooing this young lady , i want to let you know that i draped her with a shampoo cape . nice and thick like this and put the towel over . a nice thick towel . i 'm going to begin to shampoo her . when we shampoo curly hair , it 's even more manageable and it 's easy to shampoo . we use a hydrating shampoo . it 's something that 's going to detangle and be easy to manipulate . you want the hair to be soft and to be easy for you to comb and cut . it also gives her a little bit of conditioning . curly hair tends to be a bit dry . it 's going to be a little dry because it 's curly . i 'm going to go ahead and wet the hair real thoroughly and use again a hydrating shampoo for her . a good hydrating shampoo . give a good 2 shampoos and make sure you go all the way down to the ends . scrub the hair real well and then proceed to condition after .
E4dMO7t5pBI i 'm dr. joe neely . i practice with the barton oaks dental group . i want to talk about how to avoid surgery for an apical toot abscess . the apex of the tooth or the apical portion of the tooth is the tip of the root . if you could imagine this ball point pen being a tooth . the crown or the coronal portion is the portion that you normally see in your mouth and the very tip of the root where the small aperture is that the blood vessels and nerves enter the tooth is called the apex of the tooth . so , surgery is avoided ; surgery is done at the apex of the tooth for one of several reasons . one if the abscess is allowed to continued to mature to the point that the bodies immune system and even systemic antibiotics ca n't control the infection then there are times where you have to go in from the outside , reflect the gum back , bore a hole through the bone into the abscessed area in order to relieve enough of the fluid in order to begin to be able to overwhelm the infection . that type of abscess surgery is avoided by getting the abscess or the tooth infection treated rather than waiting . the early portion of an abscess tooth is quite uncomfortable there is a lot of pain from the intense pressure . but , typically if you wait long enough , if you 're able to wait long enough the body will either vent the abscess tooth , the infection , up along the ligament that holds the tooth in to the outside or actually create a little tunnel , a channel , to the outside . the infection is still there , it just has a way of relieving pressure . now , the abscess is only painful if you bite hard on it or if your ; if you become infirmed enough that your normal immune system does n't attack it . at that point in time the infection can continue to become more and more virulent , or strong , potent , toxic . it will literally eat away , honey comb , the tooth surface . so , after the infection has been removed through antibiotics and a root canal is done , the infected portion of your tooth removed , if the infection has been there long enough and the surface of the tooth is enough like a honey comb , porous , it 's necessary to go in and do surgery to cut that off . simply said you avoid a tooth abscess by treating it in a timely fashion .
a7_LO0EdYMA so we have our bicone bead . you can see from the last clip i went in and shaped the edges just a little bit more . because i have a perfectionism issue that way . what we 're going to do next , is if you remember we used silver foil and we also used some frit that had some silver in it . and , those colors are very reactive when they 're together and they 're also very reactive when they 're brought into what 's called a reduction flame . which , is also what i have been calling our dragon 's breath flame . so , what we 're going to do in order to bring out some of those colors to intensify those effects just a little bit is we 're going to turn down our oxygen and turn up our propane so we 've got not quite that much we do n't want that much of a dragon 's breath flame . but definitely more propane than oxygen . this is called a reduction flame or a reducing flame . we 're going to go ahead and put a bead in there . and , if you can see that it 's actually making the silver stand out just a little bit more . we are going to do that until we are satisfied with the colors and the sheen on there . and , we want to bring it back into the oxygen one more time just to maybe burn off a little bit of the metals . but , if you can see that silver is much more pronounced than it was before we took it into our reduction flame .
bVhIOmoCQ5M the next obstacle we 're going to cover is the chute . and it 's very similar to the tunnel but the difference between this , jake no , is it 's got a chute on the end of it . the progression of this as far as training goes is you want somebody to be at the end holding it open so the dogs can see through it cause if you start with it down it gets to be pretty scary for them . so the first time through your going to actually send them through , give it a name , call it chute . good boy , lots of praise , always treat , give lots of praise . the second time through after they do this a few times you can actually start dropping it on the head so they can start getting use to going through by themselves . go chute , good boy ! once again tons of praise . after they do that a few times you can start getting them to go through with actually no one holding it at all . ready , go chute , good boy ! lots of praise . the one key with this is the dogs ca n't see you as he 's going through , jake come , and you need to get their attention the second that they get out . so as he comes out the end i 'm going to call his name . jake chute . jake , good boy ! you need to get their attention because it 's dark in there and they ca n't always see you when you can get out of it .
b1QkoG9hxk8 now i 'm going to show you how to make a mudslide . the first thing you 're going to do is take your rocks glass or old fashioned glass and you 're just going to take some chocolate syrup and drip it around the sides of the drink . you 're just going to drizzle it in so it 'll drip down . okay . the next thing you 're going to do is you 're going to fill your glass with ice , and finally you 're going to add your two liquors . now this drink is going to have kahlua and bailey 's . when you make a drink like this you 're trying to make a layered effect so you 're going to want to do the heavier one first which is kahlua . there we go . that 's about three-fourths an ounce of kahlua and then you 're going to do about three-fourths of an ounce of bailey 's . as you can see on the side it makes it look a little bit like a mudslide which is why this is called an effects drink . so you 're just going to add your stirrer , there 's no garnish needed , and serve .
EhYk6e-jtWg alright , the drink that we are about to make is a claridge cocktail . and we are going to serve this as a martini so if you want to set your martini glass to the side with some water and ice in it , that will get it nice and cool for when you 're ready to serve the drink . now we got our ice in a glass and we 're going to do one shot of gin . and follow that up with a shot of dry vermouth . and next we will do a tablespoon of apricot brandy and also a tablespoon of triple sec . alright . now let 's shake these ingredients up real well . we 're going to be serving it up with no ice . you want to make sure you get it nice and cold so that it will stay cold while the person is drinking it . there we go . we got our martini glass and a strainer . go ahead and pour it in . great . that is a claridge cocktail . bottoms up ! !
EMcUlzfIkwc hi ! this is josiah owen with expert village , and today we 'll be talking about recipes for those who are on a diabetic diet . now we 're going to talk about chopping up our onion for our garlic tomato bruschetta . you need about 1/4 cup of onion . what you want to do is cut it in really thin slices . we 're going to mince this . other side . set that to the side . as you can see , the pieces are pretty thin . that 'll help for the mincing part . if you can get them all going the same way , that 'll work . go against the way you cut before . scoop them together . if you want to pivot your edge of your knife on one side and fan out , that 'll help as well . then find a new pivot point , so that way you 're just cutting the exact same thing . you want your pieces to end up about that big .
dksANn7nFEw this is dave for expert village . today we  re going to make shrimp and scallop fettucini with a side of garlic bread . okay , now that our vegetables have softened up , it  ll take about three to four minutes to do that , with all the garlic in there too . what we want to do is start adding some flour in there with it too , so here  s what you do . you want three tablespoons , i go a little light on this , but let  s go ahead and put this in , because you can tell how thick it  s going to get after awhile and what this is going to do with our liquid in here , it  ll make a nice thick rou and it  ll cling to our fettucini . so what you want to do is put that aside , go ahead with your spoon , move that around , it  ll absorb some of the liquid from the vegetables , already . and this is really important , go ahead and keep this moving around , you want to cook off a lot of the flour flavor . and as you can see , it  s already absorbed most of the liquid in the vegetables , and this is all going to come out as a thickener later on when we add our chicken broth .
2E2C2WCU9as when trimming really tall items or putting together something that 's going to become tall like the goblet , sticking it to the bat-head like i 've shown you before in trimming might not work . a giffon-grip is an excellent tool to use for this purpose . it 's just a wheel-head that sticks . it 's got three little prongs , which you put directly on the head of the wheel itself . and then it 's got these little pads , that go and they hold the piece on place . now i 've lost one but i 'll find it in just a minute . and the way that it works , is you hold your wheel-head in place with one hand and then you can twist your giffon-grip , and there 's a little spiral on the inside and these pieces move along that spiral . so these are always on thinner . so you can just take your cup to your goblet , which i have here that has set up , and once you have let it set up , you cut it off , and then we 'll place this on the giffon-grip . and now we 're ready to attach the stem .
azbw4Ng6rCQ hi , i 'm keith fitzpatrick , this is hip hop moves for men , and we 're going to go with something called the cool change , alright . so we did a ball change earlier , with this one we 're going to add another movement in front of it , we 're going to add a really smooth , cool , slide . when you slide , you 're going to drag your heel of your right toe ; so you drag it here , bring it all the way up , then change real smooth , you 'll step out , do the same thing with this side , and change . but you want to look real , real cool . so , you 'll be here , here , and change , out , here , and change , okay . the main thing with this , would be real fluid , real smooth , and keep everything moving , do n't let it , stop , and stop , then slide , and stop ; it takes away from the real cool flowy look of the whole thing , so make sure you keep everything really together . so it 's going to slide , and change , out , slide , then change again , okay . make sure you have everything together . let 's try that together to tempo , it 'll be here . okay , one more time , you 're sliding , and change , out , sliding and change . make sure you get the roll in your shoulders , the slide , here , out , slide and change . alright , it looks real cool . that 's your cool change .
DcL82-6IUYU on behalf of expert village my name is lizbeth muller and today i 'm going to show you how to make italian seasoned salmon . it has been on for about 5 minutes 5-10 minutes actually . i do n't want to over cook it . i do want it very brown on the bottom so i would put it on medium . so i 'm going to flip this over . i 'm going to bring it over here this way . so i like it like that , i like that brown . i 'm going to take that again and put it on top , putting it right on top i do n't want to burn it . notice how it is becoming less and less on ingredients on the top and that is why i like to cut up a lot from the get go . so i 'm going to go ahead and do this for about 5 minutes on this side . i 'm going to try to get close to this brown and then i 'm going to go over it . it should be almost cooked now ; it does not take that long to cook salmon . you do n't want to dry it out , you just want to go ahead and put it like that and get ready to put it on a plate soon and put the parmesan cheese and stuff .
CxWzH1-UlNk what 's up , it 's james . alright , so i 'm going to basically take through real quick my set up that i have with my detergent and stuff like that . so i 'm kind of a brand junkie and i 've been using tide since when i was born , and i continue to use tide ; and i like tide , tide smells fantastic . there 's obviously like so many different options out there for you , detergent ; for your bleach , for you 're dryer sheets , for you 're fabric softeners . so i mean you ca n't really go like that wrong , like i mean we 're in america and like america 's all about choice , and advertising and the tide companies got me hooked so that 's you know that 's fine . but like figure out what works for you as far as stuff goes , like also educate yourself though that like i mean as far as just detergent goes like this stuff is just liquid , just ; see if we can get the camera , like you just pour yours like that . like there 's , there 's powder detergent , there 's i do n't know all different kinds and there 's stuff like specifically for colors or specifically for whites .
apftQw8jbTo okay , now we 're back where we started from . this is our knot , that , that knotted off the vertical ropes , so we 're going under these two , and back through , just as we 've done however many times . so how things work out here in this next step is going to depend if you have an odd or even number of knots . so here we go . this is a little hard . that 's kind of a big knot there with that ... .so , now , because we ... we do n't want to flip these on each other again , we 're going to make diamonds , as you can see on this other drum here . so what we want to do now is take these two together , so you can either go under three , or you can go under one . so here we go . so now , see , he 's went through three . because we want to pull these two together . we do n't want to keep doing the same one and spiraling it over .
5NWlzn4hqV4 hi welcome to facial yoga . we 're going to look at negative and positive emotions . what kind of methods will we discover when we look at both the negative and the positive . we could look at this feeling of jealousy . i 'm exaggerating all of these emotions because we 're looking at what happens if you do go into extreme emotion , and a lot of times you you might not even be aware of how your face is responding to a situation . you have a sense of jealousy or becomes even more heated or it could become rage . it can become , you know , violent even so you got the potential to choose that and it is a choice . none of the emotions really have any kind of power not unless we give it to them . so if we have this feeling of jealousy and uncomfortableness and restlessness , we can find the face , you know , making a sour face . we feel that sense of intensity . we can get really , you know , the breath might change , you can start to really feel like you 're ready to explode and then take it all the way out there and hold it . and then take it to the opposite direction . let it start to melt and let the belly to laugh and use ha-ha-ha-ha-ha , ho-ho-ho-ho , ha-ha-ha-ha . so this the invitation to look at anything that 's really seriously in your mind , in your emotions that have to do with that negative aspect . that feeling of fear and i know that i can release that by simply going ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha , ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho , ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha . so you can feel that the eyes get wet , you feel that you 've done really deep breathing into the belly and you 've actually been doing the deep abdominal lift which are a part of the wholeness of yoga . and so , i thank you for taking time out and exploring the negative , those horrible , mean , nasty , aggressive motions and you can release them and allow them to be this gentle , soft , loving , kindness .
bj-KrFzhGuk on behalf of expert village my name is gayle stolove in fort lauderdale , florida with wholly macro and today we 're talking about how to use a spine aligner and painless the neck . our back is the reflection of the inner health of our body , it 's a reflection of the health of the organs and the nervous system in our body . our hips and our lower back and the physiatic nerve are actually a reflection of the health and longevity of our body . these two tools are your way of preserving the health of the organs of your body , the health of your nervous system . these two tools give you the ability to give yourself a massage , a very deep affective relaxing massage any time you want , anywhere that you are , lying down , seated , in the car , all the things we mentioned without having to rely on scheduling a massage therapist or an electric battery operated tool or anything like that . on behalf of expert village , thanks for watching .
4AHAK3-7v4w hi , i  m gary with expert village ; let  s now take a quick look at deleting information , just like we added in columns and rows we can go ahead and delete columns and rows by selecting them . here we had our extra column between 2004 and 2005 , let  s go ahead and select it and i  m going to go ahead over on the edit button on top . i  m going to click delete and it just erased the column very easily , the same is true for our rows , if i go ahead and hit the new row that we created , the summer row , i go up top and hit  edit  and  delete  and it  s gone . also it  s important to know how to , that we can also delete entire worksheets . so here we have worksheet one , two and three which is actually the default amount of worksheets that the excel program , an empty workbook starts with three worksheets . let  s say that we want to go ahead and delete one of those worksheets , let  s say worksheet three , and we  ll just right click on it and we see that it  s empty , it  s a new worksheet , a clean worksheet . we would right click and just hit delete and now our program our file for , which is just by default labeled book one has two worksheets in it , worksheet one and worksheet two . now what happens if we want to change the name of our worksheet , let  s say worksheet one is expenses , so we can go ahead and rename it and worksheet one we will call expenses and let 's say that worksheet two is going to be called income . so now it  s a nice way of organizing our workbook , here we have our two sheets and we can just click on them and go straight to our worksheet expenses or income .
ET1MsHGDPQk so , the finishing touches on any look are accessories . and , as far as punk accessories go , mostly it 's the same sort of stuff that we 've talked about . you want to be focused on heavy jewelry with studs or spikes ; i 'm going to look at this bracelet again as a really good example . it 's a leather bracelet , its got the spikes on it . these spikes are echoed on this jacket , the same studs , you can see them right here . they 're also on the lapel of the jacket , there are spikes . so anything like a belt with that would be a really great accessory , this belt is a bondage belt . even if you do n't buy the straps that go along with it the hooks , or any sort of bondage gear is a great accessory . now , i 'm holding in my hand safety pins , and these look really normal , but the point is the creativity with which these are used in punk culture really makes them the ultimate accessory . you could safety pin a rip back together and continue to wear it . you can use the safety pins as jewelry . you can really do all sorts of things with them . in addition , i want to remind you that the fishnets and books are a great accessory , along with really any sort of leather , or any sort of transgressive item . that you can think of . the ultimate accessory of course is the attitude , because punk is really about a way of life , about anti consumerism , more so than any particular mish mash of styles .
5e8rGjQpfk0 hi , i 'm amanda with expert village . in this clip we are going to actually chop the cilantro and the fresh mint . so i have fresh mint here from my garden . it is a fairly easy herb to grow so if you are in good in the garden and you have a little plot is easy enough to just plant it out there an it would grow like a weed . so one of the benefits of the mint is that it has oil on the surface of the leaves which can help to relieve the nasal passage from hay fever . as well it is great for digestion . so i 'm going to take it and chop it up . i 'm not washing it today just cause i like to keep the flavor of oils a little stronger . i really like fresh mint so i just try to do a little to it as possible . we would wash the cilantro here . so i 'm just going to make sure the cilantro is clean with no discolored leaves . now i would chop the cilantro . cilantro which is coriander , cilantro is the the leaf and coriander is the seed is known as a herb and a spice . we would be using a half a cup of cilantro today . now i have half a cup of cilantro here and a quarter cup of the mint .
DKblplrxPEI now we are going to be talking about what a deer hunter should be wearing . the first and foremost important item of clothing should be an orange vest that should have 500 square inches above the waist line . this is required by law in most states to prevent hunting accidents and fatalities from happening by having a hunter being mistaken for a game or a deer . also you should wear loose fitting clothes that can be layered in case of cold weather . early in the season you should be comfortable with a shirt and a pair of pants like i am wearing now . the pockets should be large where you can carry extra gear that you may need while on your hunt . as the hunt progresses later into the season , then you will be wearing a heavy coat or sweater or underwear .
brKZ5ZrgWjs shoulder position in pilates is extremely important . what we 're trying to do is balance the activities that we do all day long . and a lot of us end up with hunched shoulders and our heads dropped forward . so in pilates , we 're wanting to pull them back . so to find the proper shoulder position , go ahead and reach up to the sky and then drop your shoulders entirely on the mat . that 's exactly where you want your shoulders at all times . another part of this is that if you scrunch your shoulders up to your ears and then drop them way down and again on the mat , that is the perfect shoulder position , and i 'm going to show you what it looks like when we 're seated up . so i 'm just going to rock up . when we 're in a seated position , say we want to roll down . our arms should , most people roll down like this , which we are trying to avoid because it trains the muscles to do the wrong thing and then we would be walking around like this . so what i have found is if you bend the arms out at 90 degrees , that you get that flatness in the back that you 're looking for , and lower the shoulders so you 're not like this , and then from here you can maintain that position as you curl down on the mat .
61ZFrfjTDbE hi , i 'm amelia and i 'm going to show you some ways to get tousled hair . if you 've got natural hair , it 's easy , it probably looks tousled anyway , all you 've got to do is fluff it and go . but if you 've got straight hair , or hair that just has a slight wave to it , then you 're going to need to do some things to get that sort of wavy , beachy tousled look . when it 's damp , you 're going to want to twist it around your fingers after applying some product . anything will do , something light , you can even use a little hair spray . just something to help give you that separated look . in this model 's hair i 've got a little bit of hair spray . so , i 've just been twisting it around my fingers . now you can let it go like that , walk around the house for a bit , hitting a little hair spray just to help bundle that hair together . you 're going to want to let it dry . you can also roll it up , like really twist it , almost make some zulu knots with it , and i 'll show you what a zulu knot is . it 's just twisting all the way down . by doing that you 're going to get , and then just take a hair pin and stick it , by doing that you 're going to get a lot more of a tighter effect . once it 's dry , you just scrunch it , take this out . you just scrunch it , you can flip your head upside down , give yourself a little bit more volume , and that 's going to help give you that tousled look . another thing to take in to consideration when you 're doing a tousled style is you 're going to want to have some layers put in . if it 's all one length , you 're not going to get that look . you need some texture , you need some movement , and they layers are what 's going to do that , because you , the lift that layers give , that 's what helps bring out this tousled look . so that 's how you get tousled hair .
dRSMmnSfzjY one of the most important things that you want to remember when you  re online with a 911 operator or dispatcher is to stay on the line with them until they let you its ok to disconnect . we realize in an emergency you could be in an heightened state , you could be anxious or frightened or scared or maybe even in pain , but we really need you to stay on the line ; and it 's not because we enjoy talking to you although that might be the case , it 's actually important for a variety of reasons . first , you 're first call might not get you to the center that you need . for example , if you call from a cell phone and you get a police department that is not quite where you need to be , they 're going to need to transfer you to the appropriate police department so you want to stay on the line until you get the correct department and then you can tell them about it . also as an operator speaking to you they are determining the situation and they 're putting calls into a computer or some type of system so help can be dispatched . so even though they 're talking to you and asking you questions that doesn  t mean help isn  t coming . alot of times help could still be coming but they  re going to ask additional questions to help the people responding . for example in a medical emergency , the operator may have already signaled the dispatcher to start paramedics and they could be rolling to your location but maybe you could be performing cpr on a person until the paramedics arrive . or say for example you  re reporting a robbery and you happen to see the person who did it leave in a silver car , you want to tell that operator what that car looked and a brief description of the suspect so that as officers are rolling to the scene if they see a vehicle that matches that description they can pull them over . so again it 's really important to stay on the line , and remember that we 're there to help you . we 're going to talk you through everything you need to do so just trust us and do the best you can . we 're rooting for you and we want to get you the help you need .
DpwtXeUYBxM so the fist step in making this sugar bowl is going to be centering the clay . you want to throw your ball of clay pretty hard down onto your bat on your wheel head . and then you want to use your left arm as your stabilizer . you want to put your body weight into this arm all the way through to the heel of your hand and you can lean on the splash pan of the wheel itself . you can actually put your elbow into your hip if you need for a little extra push to get your body weight into there . the whole goal is to keep this left hand from moving , it 's the stabilizer . your right hand is going to be doing the pushing , it 's going to move the clay towards your left hand and up and into the center of the wheel . you want your sponge to be wet enough that if you squeeze it , you get some moisture out , but that it 's not dripping on its own . so first you 're just going to push your right hand towards your left hand and pull that clay up and then you 're going to take your right hand and make a fist pushing down . again , your left hand is n't moving your right hand is doing the work and the goal is to get your pot of clay that when it 's spinning , it does n't really look like it 's moving much at all . and then it 's on center and we 're ready to pull up to the bowl .
4SU2LclB3xM hi . my name 's david bradshaw . i 'm talking about distribution of video content wirelessly through your home . we 've just gone through the process of setting up a tv here in the master bedroom via the x-box 360 talking to the pc downstairs . allows you to watch this tv up here without being connected to any of the connection in the wall here . it 's all happening over the wi-fi network . so right now we 're watching tv here , but i 'm going to show you how to move through the media center menu in order to watch a video that you might have previously downloaded , which is sitting on the hard drive of the pc downstairs . we have the media center menu running right here . this , by the way , does n't reflect on the tv downstairs . other people could still be watching tv or other videos or doing other stuff on the pc downstairs while we 're doing this . we 're going to go all the way through the menu here to pictures
bFthNlr9T8k hi ! i 'm karen for expert village . now i 'll show you how to sew on our patch to repair our dress pants . we repaired the patch by the ironing board . this is the iron on interfacing that will hold the sides to our patch down . you can either place it and fasten it with a pin and i like to use a little bit of fabric glue . it helps to hold it on in place while you are sewing . so you just put a little bit of fabric glue . do n't bother putting the glue where the hole is because that is not going to help and just place it down and let it dry . you can wash off any excess fabric with any damp rag . now we are going to place our pants onto the machine . you want to make sure that you have a thread that matches the pants . my pants are black so i put in a black thread and you need to slip the pants onto the arm of the sewing machine and just slide the leg right down onto the arm of the sewing machine like that . you are going to sewing as close to the edge of your homemade patch as possible using a straight stitch and a normal stitch length of about 2 1/2 and then first back up a little bit to knot it as close to the edge as possible . when you come to the corner , turn . now this patch is not going to be invisible but it will be a lot less conspicuous than trying to put on a patch that did n't come from the actual fabric of the pants and you will get a little more use out of these pants . the patch is a lot nicer looking than a hole . go right to the edge . the last stitch i like to roll down wiht my hand and just stop and turn at each corner . i am going as close to the edge as possible . that will do . turn the corner and just do a few stitches forward and back to knot it . here 's a dress repair repaired with a piece of fabric from the garment itself .
cQJo4MO185Q let 's practice our folkloric move called the horsie step on both sides transitioning from right and left . if you 'll remember , you 're going to keep the knees bent , the same amount as you go down . two , three , four , five , six , switch sides . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . and if you want to add a little bit more contrast , you can add a little lift here with your chest . lift , press , press . switch . press , press , press and switch . good . make sure you keep the body relaxed and that the belly button 's pulled in , and that you 're always going on the downbeat on the down . they need to kind of match each other . so listen for that . always have to listen to your music and move with it . five , six , seven . switch it to a little bit shorter movements . three . here we go . and one , two , three , switch . one , two , three , switch . good . as you do this at a party , the egyptian people will love you cause they see you doing a nice folkloric move . practice it at home .
3RzgpH5Hg3I hi , this is sean hobson , for expert village . what we want to talk about now is once the running back takes the hand off he first wants to go through the hole that he is assigned . every time in the huddle the running back will get an assignment of which hole he is supposed to go through . is he supposed to go through the three , is he supposed to go up the zero hole right behind the center , or is he supposed to go around the outside off tackle . once he has that assignment that 's always his first option once he takes the ball . however , sometimes , the linemen do n't get their jobs done and that 's to open up that hole . sometimes , if the running back 's assignment was to go up the three hole and he finds out once he starts to step up and that three hole is closed . he ca n't start dancing around and try to run outside and sweep around . usually , if this hole is not open he can usually find another one close by but he has to get the ball up field instead of stretching it out . that 's what the defense wants to do . they want to get the running back to go as far outside as possible so they can make the tackle outside . so , he has to make a decision , either he goes through the hole he 's assigned or he tries to cut it back up inside on the left or right . he has to make a quick decision . the main thing is we want to get the ball north and south , not east and west .
C_-TPssaLXk hi , i 'm jay french , from jayfrenchstudios.com . today , i 'm going to show you how to draw horses . we 're going to concentrate on just the head right today , so let 's get a few basic shapes . we 're going to look at a horse that is at a three quarter angle , looking to the right , slightly forward . get a nice oval for the main part of the head where it joins the neck , and then from there you get a sloped shape for the , which is curved for the neck that gets larger as it goes towards the body . now , we want to draw a second circle . it 's a little spaced away . it 's about , about half the size of the first circle you we did for the head , and that ; you can erase the neck that 's behind it , is going to be our nose . now , about two-thirds of the way down let 's get a line here for where the eyes are going to be . you want a little curve there because you 've got some shape to the to the head . now , let 's make a sharpness to where the , where the brow ridge is , and here 's where you can draw , you can depict your your breed of horse . a quarter horse will have sort of a bump in the nose that will actually come out and go back down ; whereas , an arabian ; for example , has more of a slope that curves inward , so we 're going to stick with that . now here again , we have a line about two-thirds of the way down , which is where your nostrils are going to be , and this is about two-thirds of the way down to this second circle . you 're not going to see much . you 'll mostly see the upper lip of a horse from this angle . you 're not going to see the mouth very much . now here , the angles are a little sharper . you want to come out on that cheekbone , curve up sharply . i think you brought enough on the neck there . and now we get where the eye is that we can see from this angle . make sure to get some taper to the outside and inside . get some highlight for that spark of life . get a little shadow of the brow ridge . let 's erase all our things underneath so we can see what we 're doing . and then , some very prominent lines that show up in the face is you always have very strong lines along the nose where the nostrils are , and a very strong line for this muscle because this is a strong animal , so that cheek muscle is very muscular . do n't make your ears too large or you end up with a mule , and then add your mane . and that 's your basic lesson in how to draw a horse .
DdzxfgB4W2c okay . our fish has been in the oven for about 20 minutes , so now it 's time to take it out . you can see the garlic is still in there , and here 's our fish packet . yum . the garlic still needs to cook . here we go . now , we 're just going to let this sit here and do what i like to call residual cooking . actually , all meats do that when you take them out of the heat , the heat that 's in there continues to cook the meat . and that 's what 's going to keep it really moist and incredibly delicious texture , soft texture . so meanwhile , let 's just quickly do our broccoli . this is -- we 're just going take our knife and the broccoli , and just cut the ends off of our florets like so . just enough for two people is what we need to do . and if you have more than two people , you 're welcome to save these stems and eat them too , if you 'd like . i happen to prefer just the broccoli florets . and to this , we 're going to go over to the sink so we can put an inch of water . we just need a little bit of water in here at the bottom -- just a little bit of water . and i 'm going to put the broccoli florets in here like so . i 'm going to cover them , and i 'm going to put them on the stove -- here we go -- and i 'm going to boil them with high heat . so just that little bit of water is really going to be more like steaming , so it 's not going to be overcooked so it 's going to be a bright green . and i 'm going to check them every once in a while , but it takes about 10 minutes to cook . so keep clicking , we 're getting close to putting it all together .
bO_ka4EoAvI hi ! this is josiah owen with expert village and today we 'll be talking about making our angel winged cookies . now we 're going to be talking about the ingredients we 're going to be using for our angel winged cookies . we 're going to need 1 1/2 cups butter softened , 2 cups white sugar , 4 medium size eggs , one teaspoon vanilla extract . we 're also going to need 2 more teaspoons vanilla extract put to the side . 5 cups all-purpose flour , 2 teaspoons baking powder , 1 teaspoon salt . we 're going to need assorted m & ms . we 'll need green , blue , red , and yellow . we 're going to need strawberry fruit chews , 1 cup shortening , 4 cups powdered sugar , and 4 tablespoons milk .
dLLaYKs3gnA okay , we 're back with our basic setup that we 've been using the last few segments which is , just this object ball into that side pocket , cue ball approaching from an angle from left to right just as we 've got setup here . the reason i come back to this point , though , is because this happens to be a particularly frustrating shot for a lot of beginners . what happens is , most of the time , they will hit that ball just wanting to pocket the ball , which they do most of the time because it 's a relatively easy shot . but then what happens is , that ball , with a natural roll , the arc takes over and heads them right towards that corner pocket . which we had happen to us earlier and shows that that 's a dangerous shot . but , now with our new found knowledge on what the tangent line will do for us , we can use that , and we can dial in either some excess top spin or some back spin to avoid the scratch . or , maybe we even want to not use either one . for position purposes , we may want to make this ball and use a sliding action . so , either way , whether we go top spin we can avoid the scratch . see how we got the cue ball over to here ? or we can use the sliding action , following the tangent line down that way . or , we can use a backspin on our shot , right here , and draw off of the cue ball to avoid the scratch over this direction . either way , we have several different options , here , that we can use that we can avoid that scratch that becomes such a problem for most players . now it 's not going to be a problem to us any more , we 've got some knowledge that 's going to help us avoid that .
bRkUI98OdoQ open hand strikes . i really like open hand strikes because you have less damage to your hand and also you do n't really have to condition your hand to use that . for an open hand i recommend hitting with the bottom , basically the heel of your hand in a downward motion or an upward motion , also a ridge hand which can be this part of your thumb , the outside or the back side of your hand as well . to hit i would use open hand for your neck and your jaw hits , once again using the heel of your hand coming up or coming down . for the ridge hand , say you are going to strike in to the neck here , it comes straight here , boom , or opposite side with the back of the hand here . up , down , ridge , ridge . to strike in to the neck i go straight in with the ridge hand , i would n't really use a fist or the heel of your hand but use the ridge . for the jaw line , for the head you can use a fist as well but the open hand works best like i said because you are not really damaging your hand and yet it 's still effective . it still hurts the opponent .
DxNcVwYcUCI alright now i have my five in one handy dandy pedometer , at least i find it to be five in one . but this is cool because it 's visible from the time you clip it on until the time you take it off . where with some other pedometers you have to flip them and turn them and look . but i can see this right away that i have twenty seven steps and i 'm going to reset it . just so you can see by hitting that clear button and now it says zero . so you start walking , and already four , five , six , your steps are counting as you go along . and then as you stop you can see it right on top , steps are right there . very easy , then i can switch my mode , check and see the total distance , my calories , two tenths of a calorie i burned . and if i have stop watch usage i could do that right now as well , so that 's it..pedometer all in one .
dcil6adKm4M hi , my name is nathan mccullough on behalf of expert village . in these clips we 're going to talk about some of the possible problems with your windshield washer system and some hints and tips to get better performance out of it . in this clip we 're going to talk about removal of your washer solvent reservoir . now for filming purposes , just being on the style of vehicle that we have , the reservoir goes inside here , way up in there . you wo n't be able to see me actually disassemble it . so i 've done that off camera . what i have for you is the washer solvent reservoir . it has 2 mounting bolts which is most common and it has an alignment pin as well . this little nub is going to fit into a hole in the body and support this side of your washer solvent reservoir . the mounting bolts are here . you would generally need a large extension . it mounts way back in there and they 'll have 2 bolts . what else we have on it is the washer pump motor itself and if equipped , the motor sensor . the only time you should really have to remove the reservoir is if the vehicle has been in an accident , if you hit a deer , something like that , and it cracked it . but you can just get a good look at it , i went ahead and just took this one for you .
1oys0KyRSS0 now previously we talked about finding the release point . as we stated , the release point is essentially the point where the ball comes out of his hand . whether it 's here , it 's here , it 's here , it 's somewhere in this vicinity . now once it leaves his hand , you need to keep your eyes on the ball . this is why in our stance we have a level head , we have both eyes pointed down at the pitcher , makes it much easier to pick up . why do you want to follow the ball out of his hand ? a ) if you do n't see the ball you ca n't hit the ball . i can sit here all day with him throwing balls at me , if my eyes closed i 'm not going to hit a single one . but if i can see the ball , i have a much better chance of making contact . what is the other thing that you get to see ? you get to see what kind of pitch is coming . other then what kind of pitch is coming , what else are you looking for . you are looking for is it up , is it down , is it inside , is it outside , all these different things . is it way in the dirt , there is no need to swing , is it a ball , is it a strike . you know is the umpire giving him that much room . these are all things you can see just from following the ball . yes , you need to make a split second decision but that split second decision becomes a lot easier if you are watching the ball come at you instead of saying here ok , you are looking at home plate , thinking about something else . be looking down at the pitcher , follow the ball all the way in . so from his release point which is here , out of his hand , you want to follow it , track it , track it , track it , all the way through contact . and that 's staying on the ball .
ea8JZBpjIsI this is christopher lyman here with expertvillage.com and we are here at a window that has a lot of hard water on it . we 've already washed the window and this is what is left on the window . it 's the hard water , it 's almost white in color . we 've explained the different things that you can use . i got this from a cleaning supply store , janitorial supply . it 's called lime buster . i like to apply this . you 've got to be careful though where you drop this . you do n't want to drip this on stone , you do n't want to drip on aluminum because it is sulphuric acid . it has a tendency to etch whatever it touches . so you want to be careful using this stuff . i have a technique to show you that is really helpful for me . this is an old sponge that i have . it is kind of worn out because if you use a newer sponge , it will quickly wear out your sponge so i 've used an old one . it has this convenient flip cap and i take it and drip it right over my sponge like that and i apply it to the window . the more hard water you have , you might have to do this application two or three times . again i 'm just dripping over the top of my sponge and applying it to the window . now the next step if it 's really bad , you can take your razor blade as long as the window is not tempered and scrape that hard water right off the glass .
De2Yad9yxj8 the next thing i 'm going to do is show you how to is how to import midi data . sometimes you might have a midi file you can import or you can actually save your midi data or bring it in from a separate song if you want to change up the instruments , things like that . sometimes if you 're working with the program like logic pro , you 're able to save the midi data as a file , you know what i 'm saying ? so you could bring into another computer , another thing and maybe switch up the instruments but take the actual notes that you 're playing or the arrangement and maybe just switch up the sound or the platform or whatever . so what i want to show you how to do is go into your file and import the midi track . what this does is import the midi data and it 'll open up in separate tracks . what you 've got to do , is you open it up and you have to find the midi data file . once you open up the midi data file , it 's going to ask you if you want to import the tempo or use the existing the tempo from the session . if you want to import the tempo , it 's going to import the tempo of the midi file the way it was saved originally . if you want to use the existing tempo , it 's going to use the tempo that 's already on your session that you 're using right now . there 's also other things you also can do as far as location . you can put things at the very beginning of the song or you can do it at the song starter . so wherever your cursor is you can choose to have your midi data import onto there or you can have it start from the very beginning . your midi data is going to load up as separate tracks too . it 's going to be as many tracks that was on there as when they originally saved it . that 's exactly how it 's going to show up on your pro tool session .
CqYk0cU_Udw with the onset of print on demand , and subsidy self publishing companies , more and more people are able to publish their own books . no longer do authors have to have thousands of dollars , up front to order books , or have storage to keep books . you can order one book . you can order twenty books , or you can order five hundred books . print on demand is sent digitally to the printer , and then they send the books out to you . and you can order as few as one , and the price is still the same , whether you order one or five hundred . publishing companies have deals with print on demand companies that allow you to be able to do this , as in no other way before . most of the authors who keep several books on hand , to carry with them , wherever they go . when they order by print on demand or if they 're having a book signing , and need more , they can order them in whatever number they need , and they 're delivered to them , within usually a week . this is the one of the books that was done strictly for his family , and he put it together , so that his family members could have a record of their family . this is not something that the public would care anything about , so he only wanted five or six copies to give to his children and grandchildren .
5stKXAiJ3AQ this beginner pilates exercise is called the half roll down . we 're really going to strengthen the core muscles here and this is a nice way to build up to the roll up if you have not mastered that exercise yet . so start with your feet hip width apart . your knees are bent , sit up really nice and tall . extend your arms forward and inhale to prepare , exhale , roll down half way just right before you feel like you 're going to loose control . so you really want to tighten up right here on the abs . inhale and exhale , sit up really nice and tall , lengthen out through the crown of your head . inhale , exhale lower down . inhale and exhale up . now if you want to take this to the next level , as you come on down , open up your arms and inhale , then exhale , sitting on up . inhale at the top and exhale lower down . inhale open your arms and exhale coming up . and that is called your half roll down .
1Eq8tHs0zGA in this clip i 'm going to be doing a half arc up and over with the inflatable ball . now what we 're going to do is extend one leg , keeping the other one with the knee bent . now what we 're going to do is we 're going to take our ball and we 're going to bring it across the body and back . now i 'm leaning at a slight angle . if you have back issues you can sit up a little bit straighter , keep a nice long spine . reach across and i take it back . you are going to try to keep those shoulders nice and relaxed , take it across and back . now if that is a little bit too easy for you , you can lift that leg slightly and just take it up and over and bring it back down in between , up and over . now for an increased challenge you can keep the leg elevated the whole time . you are really going to feel a burn in the quad and you will also feel a little bit in the shoulder and the oblique . now this is the basic and your back is on an angle . for more of a challenge , you can lift that leg up slightly and let it down , lift and lower , lift and lower or you can maintain and lower . now i would suggest doing 3 sets of 10 on each side .
BPDtkVc5Xv4 let 's work on a sensual hip movement on an unweighted leg and this is going to be a figure eight going down so it will be a vertical figure eight that 's going to travel going down your body . let 's have our feet slightly apart ; bend your weighted leg , press the big toe of your unweighted hip into the floor ; make sure your ankle 's in and the knees are pointing either forward or toward the inside of your body , pull in your belly button ; lift your chest and relax your shoulders . so now we 're going to bring our hip twisting forward slightly and then back ; forward and down , up and back ; forward and down , up and back . so you can let the lower part of your body twist ; keep the upper part of your body facing the direction that you want to be in line with the rest of your body so that action is all happening in this hip , it 's what you 're not moving that makes the movement show up so nicely rather than what you are moving . so from up and down ; up and back , and up and down ; up and back . be sure to try this on both sides and practice in a mirror to make sure that you 're not going up and down as you do this motion .
4RvULYq-5DU so plates and flat items are one of those things that require a lot more clay than you think you 're going to need . even on a simple flat plate like the small one that i showed you , you need to have a decent amount of thickness all the way across the bottom . for a really small simple salad plate with no foot and no rim you need to have a pound and three quarters of clay . and i 'm going to demonstrate that item . so i 'll get you a pound and three quarters of clay ready . a little too little . that 's just about right . a pound and three quarters . so there we go . for a larger platter like the one that i showed you , without a trimmed foot , you need about four pounds of clay . now if you 're going to have a trimmed foot into any of these sizes of pieces you need to add a lot more weight . that larger red platter that i showed you without a trimmed foot takes four pounds . if you want to trim a foot into that you 're probably going to need to throw it with about six pounds . the same is the case for that little salad plate or a dinner plate . that pound and three quarters that i 'm using , if you wanted a trimmed foot , you 're probably going to want to take that up to about two and a quarter pounds or maybe even two and a half . depending on how deep you want that foot to be . so i 'm going to wedge this up a little bit because i added several pieces to each other and i do n't want any air . and we 're ready to throw a couple of plates .
ETEzI2AX-3Y hi ! i 'm kay and we are filming for expertvillage.com here at carter 's appliance in fontana , california . typically a refrigerator is going to be found located in the kitchen of your home but on some occasions , we have customer 's that come in on a regular basis and purchase refrigerators as a secondary unit for their garage or maybe for a patio area where they are going to be entertaining . we do also have customer 's that come in and purchase for major hospitals , for schools so your refrigerator may be located at a school sight or in a hospital somewhere . there is little maintenance to a refrigerator . but in the event that you do have a problem such as restricted water flow if you have water service or the ice gets jammed up in the shoot or you might have a handle fall off , any of those things typically if the unit is less than a year old , it is going to be covered under a manufacturer 's warranty because most refrigerators now days will come with a 1 year parts and labor warranty from the manufacturer .
a3mwOZCPvC8 on behalf of expert village , i 'm carlos puentes with k-9 solutions dog training in miami , florida , and today we 're going to talk about dog training myths from my new book , who 's training whom ? when kids are called by their whole full name they know it 's not a party , but they know that if they do n't come it 's going to be worse so they come . when a dog is involved , you never want to use your dog 's name in a negative way . if he 's on top of a sofa or furniture you do n't want him on top of , you never want to say , `` lucky , get off there ! '' if he 's going to bite a cord or something . lucky , lucky ! you never want to do that , and you know you 're not supposed to this . well , hopefully you do n't . this was lucky . he 's biting the leg of the chair ; he 's been biting it . where is he ? lucky ? they 'll call the dog in a normal way . when he comes , `` bad boy ! how many times i have told you not to.. '' he 'll never come again when he hears lucky . eventually , it results in a dog that hears his name called and he has a bad connection when he 's close to the owner . you say no or off . you never want to say down . down is something nice . he should n't hear his name or commands like down in a negative way . they should n't sound like no ; it should sound normal .
C2PR5ARk7xA in this example i 'm going to use again a scale or approach/lead with harmonized chords . so basically what i 'm going to be doing is picking part of a a minor scale with a open a ringing out . that 's what it sounds like up to speed . so broken down what i 'm going to be doing is going pinching here between a and e , d , c. then playing the harmonized chord here on the tenth and eighth fret on the b and the e string . doing it again . then going to twelfth and tenth fret and then simply finishing on the thirteen and twelfth fret . fifteenth and thirteenth fret . and then ending on the thirteenth and twelfth fret again . so . and if you like you can add the low a note there to finish off with that chord there . and so basically what you have here is . you have a nice little scale or/harmonized chord melody in the key of a minor .
DMhQlqg7TDA hi this is jeff from the two wheeler dealer . today i 'm going to show you how to properly adjust a bicycle front hub . first thing to remove the quick release , do this by just unscrewing the nut on one side , sliding it out . now most hubs come with a rubber seal basically around and you are going to want to remove this . the easiest thing is just take a small flat screwdriver , pry it underneath it should pop right off . once you remove the seals you 've then exposed the cones and the lock nuts . the cones butt directly up against the bearings as the inner bearing surface . now this particular hub is too tight so i 'm going to show you how to loosen it . for this you 'll need a couple of specialty tools which are called cone wrenches . most front hubs typically use a thirteen millimeter , these go right on the inside of the flats of the cones . and i 'm going to basically loosen them , turning them counter clockwise and tightening them into the lock nuts . and it 's just a real slight movement , maybe a sixteenth of a turn and then you want to spin it and check it . make sure that it 's running smoothly with no excessive play . right there it 's still a little tight . right there is running pretty smooth , but when you wiggle it up and down there 's a small amount of play in there , so for this to take that little bit of play back out i 'm going to use two seventeen millimeter wrenches on these lock nuts . turning them counterclockwise into each other tightening them . just a real slight turn as well . they 're all real fine adjustments . and check it , right there is perfect basically looking for a smooth as you can get it with minimal amount of play . and that 's how to properly adjust a bicycle front hub .
FgoZhKr7pGo now you 've got your twelve dollar shirt , it 's still going to be a twelve dollar shirt , but remember your dagger strokes and your rat tails , you want to go back to where your dots were , maybe in the same area and just rat tails is all you want to do . soften up the middle a little bit , you can add as many of these as you want . okay , here 's a perfect example ; tip 's clogged up , on this brush it has to have the air cap on the end . just pull it off if you ca n't reach in there with your fingernail , i bite mine , so not a good habit . pick it , do n't blow it around the shirt , just pick a place to blow it out . get nice , and you can just add as many as you want to that to liven it up a little more . more for the ladies style shirts , but remember , you can go too far , but it 's only too far to somebody else , go as far as you like , have fun with it . whenever you think it 's good enough , stop . thank you .
2xDL8jv4riE hello my names rebecca herrick i 'm a massage therapist here at everything peaceful here in wilmington north carolina , and i 'm here to discuss what eastern massage is . eastern massage is a term used to refer to the far east or asia , china , korea , japan , and places like that . in reference to that america here is in the west . so eastern massage incorporates any kind of traditional chinese medicine or asian modality including things like shiatsu , and acupressure massage . the way that you can do that is by working with energy meridians located along the body . there 's six located on the leg for example , and basically it 's going to be a variation of working with those different meridians . circular digital pressure along those meridians , static pressure where you 're just finding those energy acupressure points and working to increase balance in those channels and decrease stagnation in those different energy pathways . and that would be what eastern massage incorporates .
FC9KbdJL3Yk hi ! this is jon on behalf of expert village . in this video clip i will be talking about work area safety . first off you want to make sure that your work area is kept clean . a cluttered work area will just invite disaster . next you want to make sure that where you are working at is well lit . it is very difficult to work in the dark . next you want to take a look around and make sure you are not working in an area where there are any combustibles are anything else that could explode . even a very dusty atmosphere could be dangerous . and lastly , you want to keep all bystanders , children , any visitors away while you are operating power tools . any type of distraction could cause you to lose control and either injure yourself or injure someone else .
acNKB8Ipxwg a fun pose to start a wide leg series , is the godess pose . emily , i 'm going to have you come into a nice five star again . this time , instead of toes facing forward , i 'm going to have your toes facing out , slightly . the godess pose is a nice , wonderful squat . it 's going to really build some strength in her thighs . also , keeping control of that tailbone tucked under , it 's going to strenghten her spine too . extend your arms all the way out to the sides ; bring your hands into chin mudra , thumb , and index finger together . take a good inhale , exhale coming into a squat . bend those knees , perfect . trying to keep those hips and shoulders in a nice beautiful line . you can slightly bend the elbows if you like , bringing it up . beautiful , letting your heart shine through . feel the strength in your thighs breathe into any tight spots you have , especially in those thighs and especially in that lower back , enjoying this nice wonderful squat . to come out of it , inhale the arms long , exhale standing up nicely . straighten those legs out , and just drop those arms down to the sides . perfect .
-88OcTs9MPs hi this is nigel with blue griffin handyman and today we are going to talk about how to get rid of the paint smell in your house . the first thing to do , the best thing to do is to avoid the fumes altogether . many paints these days come with a low voc or a no voc mixture and it will tell you on the back of the can like this one here says voc at 132 grams per liter . now voc stands for volatile organic compounds and that is what is causing the fumes in your house so what you want to do if you have to use some of these paints with voc in them the best thing to do is to open the windows , all the windows in the house and put a fan on one end of the house so you can draw all the fumes out of the house and try to go to the park for the day or something and get out of the house so you do n't have the smell those nasty vapors . when you are using those type of paints with voc in them definitely use some kind of breathing protection that will filter out those kinds of fumes . they are not good for you . so that is how to get the paint smell out of your house .
btjL7IVVLM0 julie and valerie are now going to show you some stretches that will help open the hips and hamstrings . we 've already done pigeon so this next one just increases that stretch that we 've already done . and it 's important to in your stretch to keep muscle energy or muscle engagement . we are going to extend the right leg forward and bring the left foot into the inner thigh of the right leg . this is called jounusashashana or head to knee pose . although we are not going to put our head to the knee . lets keep it evenly spaced on both sit bones and then press the heel forward to that right foot so you 've got a lot of energy and the whole backside of the leg is extended into the mat . bringing the arms overhead on an inhale , and then exhale just lean slightly forward , keep the arms extended , hold here . take a breath in , lifting through the sternum and the spine , lengthening , exhale forward again , this time placing the hands to the shin . or if you can reach the foot go ahead and grab the foot and draw the toes towards you . a strap would be really handy here , so if you 've got a strap you could place a strap around the sole of the foot and grab both ends and give a slight resistance . especially on the inhale . so we would be inhaling , resisting foot into the hand , hand into the foot or strap . exhaling , releasing that resistance slightly . inhale , lengthen the spine and exhale . lessen the resistance . we 're going to do other pose on this side , so when you are ready inhale lift the torso , pick up your left leg and step over the left of your right leg . in a cross position . we are going to twist to the opposite side . inhale lifting up through the spine , exhale reach behind with the left hand and stay here . so this was another pose for about ten breaths , we 'll end our clip here , but i 'd like you to stay in the pose for at least another ten , another five , six breaths . keep your standing foot active , flexed and toes pointing up .
dXrk18onxVk okay , now we 're going to talk about flipping the nunchucks through your legs , going from back to front , which is actually very , it is actually more dangerous because you 're more likely to smack yourself in the groin so you have to sort of position your body and give a lot of practice . there 's not many people that i have seen practice nunchucks that will even try this technique just because it does n't really make any sense to them to put themselves in that kind of risk . but , executed properly , you 're able to use this as a way of linking from one hand to the other , so it is a pretty good technique . what you do is you get your proper grip , i would suggest , strongly suggest , that you step forward with whatever side that you 're going to take and throw the nunchucks through . so really what you 're doing is you 're going to take and flip it through the back , step forward , and up . so that way , if anything , you may just catch your leg instead of catching yourself in the groin . so again you just step forward , flip it through going back to front . let 's try it again , flip it through , going back to front and catch it on the other side . if you want to , you keep your hand , instead of just keeping your hand to grab right here , keep your hand sort of turned outwards so that just in case you 're not able to catch it , just in case you miss , you 've still blocked it from actually striking yourself . so again , taking the nunchucks , just flipping it over , back up , catching it , and now you 've switched hands so that you 're able to continue on with whatever else you 're going to do and also maintaining a good grip .
ClSTxpPMVRM hi , i 'm james with jnc home repair . today i 'm going to show you how to clean a sink drain . okay , most of the time when there is a problem with the drain and it is not draining properly , 9 times out of 10 the problem is in the pea trap of your sink . okay , this is a pretty common pvc p-trap , okay ? the one that is installed in here is an older chrome stainless model . basically what you want to do is you just want to remove the p-trap , remove the compression nuts , take your p-trap apart just like so and that is what you are left with . now most of your blockages that are clogging up the sink are going to occur right in here somewhere . okay , you can just easily look down in there and be able to tell if it is clogged up or not . if it is it is just a matter of sticking and getting something in there , cleaning it out , washing it out and reinstalling it back on there and then usually that will take care of any kind of cleaning your sink drain . okay , now there is a lot of chemicals and a lot of other things that you can get from your hardware store that you can just pour down the drain and you do n't have to do this but the natural way to do it is to actually pull your pipes off , make sure there is no blockages , wash them out , clean them out and you are good to go . if you have any more questions on this topic you can contact me at jnchomerepair.com .
2ovY79hYE50 now what you can do too , right now is a good time to do it since it 's kind of stuck to the board , as you can tell , just go ahead and take this tool here , go around the bottom and this will establish your base and this makes it look nice . go around the base , cleaning it up with this guy and since i see these fingerprints here , not crucial i get rid of them right now , but they 're bugging me . so i 'm going to get rid of them . you can save it to the end , but make sure you get rid of them by the end point , and those are just going to be there anyway because the way we took it off the wheel is kind of brutish . but , i knew i 'd come back and do that anyway . so , it 's good . alright , now , it 's nice and cleaned up . i do n't want to do anything else to it when it comes to that department , but here , since it 's a little herb , little herb pot , i want to put some handles right there . you can like transfer it around you know .
dZ7ooRRqzeU all right , the drink we 're about to make is called fireman 's sour . the first thing we 'll do is put some ice in our glass here , and measure out one shot of light rum . so , if you 've got a fireman friend who likes a sour drink this 'll be the one for them . also , a shot of lime juice . and next , we 'll add a half an ounce of grenadine and two ounces of club soda , and we 're going to stir this up . do n't want to shake it . obviously , with the carbonation in the club soda you 're going to have fireman 's sour all over everything if you do that . and what would a fireman 's sour be if it was n't red ? any fireman 's drink should be red , right ? go ahead and set up your glass here . pour it in , and we 'll garnish it with an orange and a cherry . there we go . bottoms up !
3-bIaz1u_h4 our cookie is cooled , and i just want to separate the pieces before we start decorating , okay ? just take a knife , and and loosen underneath , being very careful not to break our cookie pieces , and just try to pull it away . if it does n't come away right away , just go around it with the knife , very gently , to pull the pieces away . we do n't want to break any of our our puzzle pieces , or we 'll have to start over again , okay . and just separate it like that , and again here . slide the knife or spatula underneath , and just loosen the cookie from the baking paper , there . and when they 're they 're nice and separated , then we 'll just kind of gently push them back together to do our decorating . i do n't want to push them back tight . just gently push them back together , okay . now we 're going to write a little message on our cookie . i have my pastry bag with the , fitted with the tip , and to hold a pastry bag , you want to take in in the notch of your thumb and your finger ; you hold the pastry bag and kind of pinch it in that area , and twist the bag to create a pressure . now , before you start , you want to clean the tip ; just wipe it on a napkin . and i 'm just going to write a nice big i. now , this royal icing will dry hard , okay ? and i 'm , down here i 'm going to make a u. just the big letter u , cause ' we 're going to do i heart you ; i love you .
DPQh0mbtVus variation on crunches with your ball , really , i talked about this before but i 'm not a big fan of crunches unless you 're using the ball , then i think they 're totally good and fine and very useful . so on this one is just a variation . i have put the tubing , yes , straight up above and i have n't wrapped it or anything , i 've got just my normal amount of resistance and i 'm simply going to bring it down in front of me here . watch this . this is , oh , basically i 'm kind of crunching forward just a tiny bit and using the ball as a prop . and you , i do n't know if you can see this or tell but i 'm telling you this is really phenomenal . now , you notice that i 'm not doing it this way , but , here 's a variation , oh , my stomach is getting tired . here 's a variation , you could probably do one arm . oh yeah , that 's working ! and once again , it might seem like something that you do all the time , but , it 's different to your body . everytime you change something , your muscles have to adapt again . so just changing your position , sitting down and varying perhaps one arm and both arms will work your stomach . this one is really good . i could really feel it . so tubing right behind you , grab a ball , you could probably do it on your knees if you did n't have a ball on the towel , definitely an excellent way to do a crunch in a seated position .
d46-O8sYFSk on behalf of expert village , my name is lizbeth muller from liz 's hair design in hollywood , florida , and today we 're going to show you how to cut curly hair . i 'm cutting her hair straight across . again , i 'm doing the sectioning . i will proceed to do a few more sections like this at this point here , here , and here . just so you know , because i 'm going to repeat the same process . i wanted you to see again where the guide is . now you can even see it better because the darker the hair , the more you can see . the more i cut , the more you can see . i 'm cutting about 2 1/2 inches off her head . if you lose your guide , pick it up again . it happens . you can lose your guide at any point in time . you pick it up again and you cut . remember , if you make any kind of mistakes or you do n't feel comfortable , you can go back again when the hair is dry and you can proceed to cut it again . do n't worry about being absolutely perfect , because when it 's dry you can kind of look at everything . actually , i 'm going to show you how to check the haircut when i 'm completely done . continue to do the same .
Bar-RUeBZGY if the windmill is not spinning properly there are a few things you can check . you can take a look at the styrofoam ball that maybe it 's sitting too close to the milk carton or , also , the angle of the arms of the windmill might not be angled properly . they should all be pointed in the same direction at a very small angle that the wind should be able to catch but they should all be in the same direction . if they 're pointed up or down , it should be consistent . another thing you might want to do , if it 's not spinning properly , if the ball keeps hitting the carton , you might want to take a bead and put it , also , in between the styrofoam ball and the milk carton . this way the styrofoam ball wo n't be pressing against the milk carton . see , these are a few things to check if the windmill is not spinning properly . the ball is actually what should be spinning , not the stick itself , the ball should be spinning on or around the stick . it should have a really nice smooth spin to it and go around really nice and quick . this is in front of a fan so it 's a little bit of a stronger wind but you see that it spins for a nice long time and has a nice smooth spin to it , it goes kind of quick . you 'll find the same results yourself , even if you put it outside in a normal wind of normal weather conditions , you can also see a nice spin to it . so , it 's a really fun project , something really to keep and the kids can actually play with this for a long time after it 's done .
DyODsqCrDKo on behalf of expertvillage.com my name is ray boone and i run the ray boone golf academy at the beautiful miami beach club . today i 'd like to present to your the basics of short game . many people in chipping are worried so much about the outcome of the shot and really they should be focused on picking that spot on the green thinking about where they 're going to land the golf ball and quit worrying so much about the target . most people are really scared , they 're trying to get the shot well , they 're trying so hard and yet really we need to just focus on landing it on spot , because that 's all we have control over . so again we set up , choose the club that 's going to land it on the front edge of the green . do n't fly it back to the hole if we do n't need to , that 's the most dangerous shot you can play . take a lower lofted club , again it 's a 7 , a 9 , let it roll , do not fly the ball if we do n't need to . even on the fringe of the green , you 're probably better off putting rather than chipping . i would rather use the putter anytime , because my miss hits are going to be better . so i want to hit , again different shots just depending on how much green i have to work with and how far i need to fly the ball in the air to reach the green .
DzrZRx-V9EY joel siegel : all right . so today , we 're going to be talking about a few different bass drum moves from kind of rock-oriented stuff to some more like r & b , kind of new r & b and also classic r & b , motown , soul , type of stuff today . so this is a good stuff for , like , for funk or for most , like , kind of groove applications . we 're going to be -- i 've got my trusty metronome here and i 've got my broken-down kit , just the kick , snare and hi-hat . today , we 'll be doing a few things with the ride , so i 've thrown this in here . so make sure you have that available for you . otherwise , we 'll move right along here . we 're going to start with a d'angelo tune . it 's called `` spanish joint . '' it 's off of his , i think it 's 1997 , album `` voodoo . '' it 's a great album , especially for drummers , 'cause it does have live drums on there . it 's like a really produced sound . it 's like a really produced , like , r & b sound , but a lot of those drums are live from questlove , from `` the roots , '' so it 's a good album to check out . anyway , let me play the beat for you just a little bit so you get kind of the idea . it 's called `` spanish joint , '' and so you can maybe infer that it 's going to have like kind of some latin rhythms to it and kind of a latin flavor . one , two , three .
4H3Hg78DTj4 supta baddha konasana is a reclined bound angle , and it 's a restorative pose . so , we 'll begin ourself in konasana , but we 're not going to worry ourselves with alignment , and working the muscles here ; we want to restore . so we 're just going to begin in konasana , and then find your bolster , or blankets , and then just lie yourself back , so that you 're beginning to open your chest , you 're beginning to open the inner groins , and you 're creating space in your lungs , stretching the intercostal muscles in the lungs , which is going to allow for deeper breathing . you 're going to have some issues here with your knees , and your lower back . so if , in this pose , as you begin to lay here , and the muscles begin to relax , and start to stretch your inner groin , that 's oftentimes becomes uncomfortable . you 're going to take your blocks to support your knees . now , if this pose bothers your lower back , your sacrum , you 're going to cross your ankles , so that you bring your legs in , and still use your blocks . the other issue that you 're going to have be able to play with is just where this bolster goes . you can have it lying against your back , and you can have it away from your back . the point is that you need to be comfortable in the pose , so that when you lie back into the pose you go , not discomfort .
DNPbruuv0h0 hello my name is david brown and today we are going to talk about strength training for triathlon . so what 's the difference between regular strength training and strength training for triathlon . well not a lot . except that it 's very important when you strength train and how you strength train in relation to your triathlon season . for example , the type of strength training that you 'll be doing in the off season usually the winter , is much different then the type of strength training you 'll be doing during the race season . now the main difference is , is looking at volume and time and the kind of exercises you are going to be doing . in the off season this is a good time for you to try to explore different and new strength activities . and pushing yourself . doing heavier , harder weights , maybe trying a new activity , something that is completely different that you 've done before . now why is this important ? because in the off season it 's what you want to do with your body . you want to challenge your body in different ways then you have during the triathlon season . because during the triathlon season we only swim , we only bike and we only run but we do n't do a lot of other stuff . so it 's really important . what kind of strength training am i talking about ? this can be free weights , this can be some sort of medicine ball workout , this can be body weight exercise , olympic weight lifting , it does n't really matter . but the most important part , is that before you go into any new strength training plan , that you consult a personal trainer . these guys are professionals and they know what they are talking about . they 'll set you up with a plan , with a beginning , and a goal and that is by far the most important part by doing strength training plan in the off season . and try new things . it 's a lot of fun , it 's supposed to be fun . now as you are getting into the season and during the season this is going to change . so let 's say in the off season you were strength training three to five times a week , now if you are in season , this is going to go one to three times a week and probably only be about thirty minutes in duration . now during the season , the reason why you want to strength train , is not to get stronger and faster and better . but to prevent your self from getting injuries . this is a very important differentiation that you must understand . what do i mean by that ? well your strength training is really going to become mostly body weight exercises and you are going to work on a lot of muscles throughout the core , the lower back and the hips . areas that typically become problem areas during the season by only running , swimming and biking .
EaL2y71tCsQ hi i 'm ann myrick and today we are going to talk about decorating with your childrens ' art projects . it makes them feel great when they come in and see projects that they have done in school or in vacation bible school or wherever being used . also they 're just memories and that is what makes your house individual to you is nobody is going to have the same little pinch pot or the same little statue so we are going to learn and i go into client 's houses all the time . i 'm a decorator and i go into client 's houses all the time and they have these great little pieces of art but they do n't know what to do with them . i am a frame collector and over here you will see one of the pear which was painted by my son and what i did was i just taped the pear to the wall and used the wall as the mat and then i put the frame in place where the pear would be right in the middle so i framed the pear and i used a really great frame so it really makes an interesting piece . we all have these great little pinch pots , all different sizes and what is fun is you can use them in many many different ways . you can put soaps in the bathroom . you can use them as toothpaste holders . you know just use your imagination but it is when they bring home a piece they are so proud of it and they love it so much that i just will use them . i will use them in a book case filled with flowers . i will use them just in many many ways so there is a fun way . i just stuck spanish moss and yarrow in this pot and just brings in color and you can just do that quick . these little fun statues that they make you can put them in a book case , you can keep the book case exactly the way it is and just set one a book or set one right next to book case and it just adds a littel bit of fun and flare and it is those memories that you ca n't take away . this is ann myrick and that is how to work with your childrens ' art work in your house .
34fMH8EUdAs mike lopez : hi . i 'm mike lopez with expert village , and today we 're going to be discussing the black color from `` magic : the gathering '' . and here we have the `` mournwhelk '' . `` mournwhelk '' is a very powerful card and at the lorwyn block . it is a common ; it 'll cost you 20 to 25 cents in your local gaming store . it 's the creature `` elemental . '' once again , elementals are very powerful nowadays because lorwyn is building every creature type up . it is six and a black , and you 're getting a 3/3 creature . now , six and a black means your converted mana cost is seven , which means you 're paying four extra then the 3/3 which actually 3/3 should be four in converted mana cost so you technically playing three extra , but this means it is going to come with a cool ability : `` when mournwhelk comes into play , target player discards two cards . '' so again , this is two cards from his end and must go into his graveyard . also , this card has an evoke comment , which means that you can play this card for its evoke cost , which is three and a black , and this creature is going to come into play , and then you have to sacrifice him . however , when it comes in the play , it still deals its ability , which is that the target player has to discard two cards . it 's a very powerful card .
1QmgK8f5JnY hello , my names rebecca herrick , i 'm a licensed massage therapist in wilmington , north carolina and i 'm here to give my review on massage parlors . first of all massage parlor is a very dated term and often has some negative connotations that are associated with it and as a massage therapist we worked hard to kind of steer away from that and , you know , work , hard to get the respect that the therapeutic aspect of massage therapy deserves . so , having said that , when you 're looking for a place to have a massage you can call it a massage therapy center , or a wellness center , something of that nature , and when you 're doing so you want to always make sure that you check the background of the location and also of the therapist practicing there . you always want to make sure that you get the highest quality care by receiving massage from the most educated and absolutely licensed therapist . you can check with local networks , newspapers , other massage therapists in the area , for reviews on massage therapy centers in your area and that would be my take on massage parlor reviews .
F5vC19KppIY jason sheridan : on behalf of expert village , my name is jason sheridan from the sheridan fencing academy here in new york city , and today , we 're going to demonstrate some intermediate sabre fencing . far more important than what we do with our weapon in sabre fencing is what we do with our feet . what we 're going to go over right now is movement . moving is the most important thing . from our en garde position , which you girls are in here , we 're going to go over moving forward . when we move forward , we take a step forward , sometimes called an advance . we 'll see that the girls begin with their front foot , smoothly moving across the floor and the back foot coming in so they end , again , in the en garde position . they both begin and end in the en garde position . girls , take steps forward . notice how it 's smooth and balanced . now , watch , they 'll take several steps forward with different rhythms . go ahead , girls . it 's important that we practice doing everything with different rhythms so that we can practice being unpredictable . be smooth , change rhythm . forward , girls , forward . do the same thing , now facing this way , girls , so we can see it at a different angle . go ahead .
2Lnq09Jha8E hi , i 'm toni king , and i 'm going to be showing you how to make handmade paper , out of junk recycled paper today . i 've been doing arts and crafts since i was a kid , always took art , you know , classes in school , and just , just love being creative and doing stuff . especially trying to recycle and reuse different things . so , today , i 'm going to show you how to take all of this junk mail , and turn it into beautiful handmade paper . ceramic-like bowls . with that , with the paper you could make invitations , and christmas cards , little journals , potpourri bowls , and i even made me a little incense holder . it 's a lot of fun . and , here we go .
-A2sCRKCkI4 when you store glass balls , you 've got to be a little more careful with those than you probably would be with any other of the hallmark ornaments . they 're a little more durable , and of course , because they 're made out of glass , they 're a little more fragile . so , if you do not have the box , the original box that it came in , take your little gift box and put your tissue paper in it and gently store your ornament in there . i 'm sure that everybody has seen these kind of containers that you can get after christmas to store your ball ornaments into . never ever store them like this , where you just sit the ball in it . they will break . if you want to condense space , and use one of these , make sure you take a little bit of tissue paper and shove it down into the holes and then place your ornament in each container , each one of these little sections . it 'll keep it from jarring , 'cause you are going to pick this up and move it , and when you do , they do break because of the force .
b5mFGHwSHRE alright , the drink we 're about to make is , black cactus , that sounds good to me . it 's going to be a shot , and it 's going to be kind of a big shot . so we 've got just a regular rocks glass ready for that when we 're all mixed up . and lets start with a shot of tequila , and lets try to work with a clean jigger , that looks better . one shot of tequila , and also one shot of blackberry brandy , and we 'll mix those two ingredients together . the last thing we 're going to add is club soda , but you want to make sure you get everything mixed up , because you do n't want to shake up the club soda , you 'll have black cactus all over the place . so , do a one shot of club soda in there , and now we are ready . we got our rocks glass , and our strainer , we do not have , but do n't worry , we can make it happen . there we go , black cactus . bottoms up , shoot it down .
EP7kPMEeTMs so something you can do with just your violin is to take your violin , put your bow down and you just want to practice doing this movement with it as if you had you bow to get used to what that feels like . and what it is , is you 're bringing in your shoulder , bring your violin in a little bit and you 're letting it come out again . but you do n't want your violin to get out of control so you want to make sure it 's in and then going out like that . when you have your bow really you 're doing this kind of shrugging motion , then you want to bring it out kind of guiding the violin with your thumb a little bit helps . but at the same time you want to make sure it 's stable and always check this by releasing your hand . your violin should always be up in this parallel position , it should n't be dropped like that otherwise you wo n't be able to do this position so really you 're making sure that it 's propped up and stable will be a good position for performing .
DSNIfaf-hB4 hi , i 'm scott reil and on behalf of expertvillage.com i like to talk to perennial garden . part of the mistakes of perennial gardening is in fact that they do n't all come in a bloom at the same time . how am i going to get a perennial garden same color all the way through ? well a good way to this is to go to your garden center at different times of the year and look for plants that are flower at different time of the year . you can see looking at this garden here centrally everything is not in bloom yet but we got things coming close the napes are here in bloom , it is just starting to come in color just like the irises are starting to fade out . the german irises though would be followed up shortly by the japanese irises and they are going to start blooming that say from a month from now . this victoria luise poppy which is a nice soft pink is going to come out shortly as well . the clematis as you can see it is going passed flower but what you ca n't see that there is another type of clematis growing up there that is going to be growing to becoming into flower later in the season . so the idea here is if you go and you shop for your entire garden at the garden center one time a year say early spring that is the only time of year you are going to have color in your garden . but if you do n't shop in your garden center in several point over the growing center thinking about color specifically for the season soon you would begin to develop a border in showing color all season long .
2twBKbfBn8E it is rare that i use drums all from one kit . i like to mix and match sounds and try to get different machines involved but with this here what we can do is try to separate our sounds by the actual instruments so that we can have different flexibility in the way that we play and the way it is repeated so what we are going to do is actually just try this snare real quick and then i 'm going to show you how to wear another ultra beat over it . so right now this is being played and what i could do is actually change the noise and then what i am going to do is add another thing with the same setting then just change it up . what i am going to do is go to my next track and bring up that ultra beat and i want to add a kick now .
c0owUb9krbk fotomagico is a registered trade mark of boinx software . and i 'm in no way affiliated with boinx software . in this lesson , i 'm going to teach you how to adjust the animations of your slide show . if you select the slide , you 'll notice on the left it says start . and on the right it says finish . and you can adjust the start and finish of your animation here . i 'm going to click and drag on start , my photo around . by just clicking inside the box there . and you can also adjust the zoom and the rotation . in a couple different ways . you can select the boxes here , on each corner . and you can adjust the zoom that way . or you can come down to the dialer , as well . down here . so i 'm going to zoom in really close . and drag it there . and over here , under finish you can the exact same thing . there 's also of you put your cursor right up side of one of the boxes on the corners . you can adjust the rotation here , as well . and you 've also got the dialer down there , at the bottom . but i 'm going to leave this at zero right now . and zoom out of my photo there . so if i go ahead and preview my animation , you 'll see it goes from start to finish . how it zoomed in and it zooms out . and the transition between the start and finish . it takes care of everything . but you can come in and do this to all your different photos . and get some pretty cool effects . so that 's how you adjust the animation of your slides .
dOMvb9nq2xo hi , my name sheryl mcglochlin with expertvillage.com . we are talking about making black bean salsa . before we even get to the black bean salsa you need to know how to save money when you are using black beans . we have talked about long term storage . this is the container that we would use in order to store our beans for long term . but for shorter term , we are going to duplicate what the stores do like if you go down to a grocery store you would see it in a smaller one individual size container . so what i like to do just for a month or two of storage , i would put a bunch of black beans into this sandwich size bag . i would get them out of my big container here and i would just fill this to one or two cups . then i would just put a twist tie or you can use a zip lock bag if you like . a zip lock bag ; these are actually the cheapest size bags and i would just store them in my cover . i could grab them really fast and go ahead and sock these and make black beans . a really great convenient item .
Cpgb8JP--is now some of the additional materials that you can use in your face paints and endeavors in your business , the best thing to do is get some of these beauty sponges , they 're usually used for foundation but they work wonders with face paints . they give you really clear and even coverage and it works out really well . you can find these in any cosmetic department of any beauty areas so those are really cool . what also we have is glitter . now who does n't love glitter ? some boys do n't but really awesome types of glitter are at your average class store you can find these little cases that have every array of the rainbow color imaginable . i like using them because they are really fine and really colorful and kids really enjoy them but they way that you have to apply them is you have to be really careful because it is glitter . what you 're doing is you 're going to tap out a little bit and then use a very dry brush and just get into the sparkles and then just slowly coat it over the skin . what it does is it just gives you a real fine covering and it looks really awesome on top of your artwork so do n't forget about the glitter , it 's really cool .
29X7FwOGr0Q this golden flower which is a type of coreopsis is just the most delicate plant as you can see the foliage is delicate , the flowers are delicate and it has been like this for about a month now . it would probably continue to grow for another month it is one of those plants that just grows and get bigger and bigger and then you can divide it in half , move it wherever you like . it is very easy plant to grow , it does n't demand much , it fits in very well with other flowers in your garden . here is even a little grass that i have just put in here to . foliage plants makes it look everything just kind of brightens up a little bit with this coreopsis that is in here . so for that reason i have it in several parts in my garden , wherever you might have a dark corner . like this one is actually a shady spot right here , i have it in a sunny garden and in the sunny garden it does just as well to so you can put it in shade , sun , wherever you would like . it does n't demand as much attention but it is always a success .
DeE4LPVyNZE hi , i 'm candi cane cannel with expert village . in this clip i 'm going to show you how to do a buttonhole on your machine using the four step process . the first thing you want to do is measure out your button and then make a little mark on your fabric where you want your button placement . again if you were actually doing a shirt you would want to place them equal distance going all the way down the garment . so you already put your buttonhole foot on , you take your fabric and you 're going to line it up underneath the button foot and just center it , put the foot down . now in my machine , i actually have four step button process and you just go ahead and change your wheel to the correct first step . some machines will just have little arrows or they will even be lettered a b c and d but in my case it just has little pictures . the first thing we 're going to do is also put your stitch line on a lower stitch line cause this smaller stitch line would give you a tighter buttonhole . so you 've lined it up you make sure to switch out switch the stitch line and you 're ready to sew . ( sewing ) when you get to the end of the buttonhole , you want to back tact which is simply pressing reverse and you want to come back down again . now you are ready to do the next step . you are going to switch to the next little level on your machine once you come to the end of your buttonhole the next step is to turn your wheel to the next step of the buttonhole . after you do that you are ready to go on to the third step ( sewing ) . now when you reach the starting point you are ready for the fourth step which is pretty much the same as the second step . so switch your dial and go ahead and sew .
3xYF7XDrrsU we 've been working in our rib crochet across our first row and we 've been building our second row . you see we 're starting to get our columns that stick out and if you flip it to the back we have the exact same pattern , because some are brought to the front and some are sent to the back . when you turn it around those are the ones that stick out . it 's a nice easy pattern . you see we 've got two double crochets left and we still have this little piece at the end from where we first started our chain . i 'll show you how we 're going to take care of that . but , first we 're going to finish up these last two . pull the chain through there , pull the chain through there and then again you 're going to go in from the back and in front of that column . pull the yarn through . you 're going to pull it through the first two , yarn through the second two . now that we 've gotten to this little piece you ca n't really when you get to the ends make it go forwards or backwards . it will go one way or the other depending on what the chain in front of it is . but , for now all we 're going to do is we 're just going to make sure that we feed into here to keep our borders straight . so , you 're going to wrap a piece of yarn around and then underneath you find this one long stretched out chain . yours might not look exactly the same , but it 'll be this curled up piece right here . now , you just want to stick your needle somewhere that is really grounded in those chains . stick it somewhere in the middle of there . pull your yarn through to the first two and through the second two . you 're still going to do a double crochet you 're just not going to pull it backwards or forwards . you 're going to have a little bit of a curve here and that 's fine . that 's what happens because of our initial chain , but by doing ; setting it up like this from now on as we work up we 're going to have a nice straight line . you see there 's a curve right there , but for the rest of it , it just goes nice and straight up . we 've just completed our second row and i 'll show you how to start our next one .
2wyWFiySh7M my name is lauren , and today i 'm here to discuss how do hair straighteners work ? your hair is made out of three bonds : hydrogen bond , salt bond and a disulfide bond . the disulfide bond is what is going to predict what texture your hair is . those sulfur atoms connect in to each other and have to travel a distance in order to reach other to connect and create the disulfide bond is going to make your hair curlier . what hair straighteners do , when you use the hair straightener , what it does is alter the hydrogen bond that is in your hair , so it is not permanent . it will simply alter that hydrogen bond , and the heat will make your hair straight and it will make your hair stay straight . because that hydrogen bond is being sealed and distorted . another good thing for this is when you use hair straighteners you should use some sort of silicone based or some kind of thermal protectant . what happens is when you use something of some sort of protectant , and you lay it over the hair , your hair needs water in it actually to curl , so after you go through it with your straightener and then you put a silicone based product on or something to coat over your hair , you are essentially coating over your cuticle and not allowing water to come into your hair . your hair is attracted by water . your hair , in order to curl , works best with water because your disulfide bonds are weak . water actually helps draw them closer together . so the straightener will not change your hair texture forever , however the straightener will be able to give you versatility within your day-to-day look and will give you a straight style on the days that you choose to . and that is how hair straighteners work .
DyehHuc_Whk okay everybody , let me share with your some other ideas that you can use in a complete routine . i did a lot of them with you . any of the tricks that we 've talked about , any of the principles that we talked about with the svengali deck you can certainly use in a routine . put something together that you think is entertaining . one thing i did want to talk about , this is kind of interesting . what you want to do is get a queen of clubs that 's cut normally . you want to stick it on top of your deck and then you want to have them pick a card like this , and then you 're going to pull a normal queen of clubs right off the top of the deck because you do n't want to use one of your cut short cards for this . then you could tear this up and make it vanish using any other methods we talked about in some of the other card videos , and you can produce another one from your pocket . that 's another idea you could use . you could do this whole routine that we talked about with all the cards looking the same and everything and then have a prediction sealed in an envelope . do n't be afraid to combine a bunch of the stuff i showed you and use some of your own ideas as well to create a full routine that you can do for your friends and family . have fun with the svengali deck .
BLG1hoY6W6Y now i 'm going to show you how to make a mojito . this is a really popular drink , especially in the summers . i 'm going to make it in a pint glass , but you can also make it in a rock 's glass or any other type of glass that your customer wants . so first , i 'm going to fill it up , just a little bit , with ice . now , the point of this , is because we 're going to be muddling up a couple ingredients . so , we 're going to add some mint leaves . and you 're probably going to want to pick off , maybe four or five , even six bits of lime , of bits of mint . and then , we 're going to add a dash of lime juice . and , we 're going to take our bar spoon , or if you have a muddler , you can use a muddler . but , we do n't have a muddler , so we 're going to use the end of the bar spoon and we 're just going to mix this around . and as you can see , i 'm just trying to press the lime at the bottom of the glass , so that way , or the mint , at the bottom of the glass , so that way the flavors will come out . ok. next , we 're going to fill the glass the rest of the way with ice . now we 're going to add our ingredients . the ingredients for this drink is going to be about 2 ounces of rum , of a light rum . ok. and now we 're going to fill the drink the rest of the way up , with soda . and , the garnish for this drink is typically , either a lime , or in addition to a lime , you can add a sprig of mint . and , that is how you make a mojito .
_3xEJtPZ898 okay , now we 're going to show you a take-down that involves throwing your partner into the opposite direction . instead of them ending up on their face , they 're going to end up on their back . very , very similar to an asado ghari . there are some variations to it . it is not quite an outer reaping leg throw . but , again , she throws her punch , you block , you maintain to the outside of the body . from here , her right leg is forward , i stick my right leg behind hers , i 'd be able to get a firm plant , and actually take my right arm and give , sort of like a clothes line towards her neck . it 's a pretty dirty technique . so , let 's try it again . i 'll show you how we get set up from here . now you do n't want to plant your leg here , and then throw your strike because keep in mind , we 're in the same position . she could throw me just as easily as i could throw her . so it 's all about off balance and loosening up techniques . so , actually i really need to come in with this clothes line or you can just use it as a push for training with a partner and everything , keeping in mind , safety . as you are practicing safety , you can grab to the back of the gi , take your right hand and grab the collar , and then execute the take down from there . now keep in mind , once you take the person down , there 's also strikes that can be added in to that . so that is your take down , involving somewhat of a variation of asado ghari , from an outside position .
-C0AZZ92J-4 my name is james i 'm the computer hardware training coordinator for interconnection . and i 'm going to show you how to use an external monitor for your lap top . all you got to do is take your plug for your monitor , your vga plug . you find the corresponding port on your lap top , plug it on in , you might want to secure it . now your computer should recognize your other monitor and you should hopefully have a picture up on your screen . all laptops are a little different so you might want to go into your display settings and play around a little bit to change your resolution on either one of your two screens . one thing to keep in mind is there 's two different settings in windows for these monitors . one is it clones your display so that everything you see on your display on your lap top is exactly the same as on the monitor . the other is it extends it so it uses it like a secondary monitor . so you can drag something from one display over to another . thus expanding the field of view you have with the desk top . my name is james , i 'm the computer hardware training coordinator for interconnection and i just showed you how to install an external monitor on your lap top .
E-BhAvB5n6I in this clip we 're going to talk about , how to find out about the educational requirements to take the certified public accountant exam . i 'm going to show you a website that will direct you to your state so that you can find out the individual requirements for the state you 'd like to be licensed in ; www.nasba.org is the website for the national association of state boards of accountancy . right on the homepage there 's a listing for all of the state boards in the united states , click on state board listings on the homepage , it takes you to an in between page , simply click on the left map , which takes you to a map of the united states , and all you have to do is click on your individual state . that will give you the name , address , phone number , and fax number , as well as an e-mail and a website for all the state boards of accountancy . each individual state have different requirements , therefore it 's important for you to find out the requirements for your individual state . and that 's how you find out the educational requirements for the certified public accountants exam .
anpVpIoPLuY when we drink water one of the things we want to be aware is whether if we are just drinking water or if we are drinking a combination of toxic chemicals that leaked out from the plastic container from the water . this is a issue that is very important . the body is bombarded by toxic chemicals in the environment that we live today and the body has to do something with these otherwise they would over load our detoxified system . so the body stores them in the fat tissue right so in order to have a place to store toxic chemicals the body would store fat or it would hold on to its fat .
FvjJVK4QJNg in my house around the holidays we all sit with baby breath waiting for my aunt to come over with plate full of gimbap which is one of her specialties and that is what we are going to make today . gimbap is much like a sushi roll without having any raw fish in it . it got a really interesting taste and the closes thing i can equated to in a japanese scale would be futomaki . it does n't have to be vegetarian today we are going to make some with meat but it has a whole plus of ingredients that we should look at . one is the outer nori which is the wrapper , various vegetables go into it cucumbers , marinated spinach . what the koreans called danmuji which is a dye pickled daikon radish and the japanese called takuan . we are going to make a special omelet that goes into the gimbap and we are going to put in some crab meat , crab meat right over here for a little extra flavor . the first step is going to be to make a nice pot of rice cause that is the essential ingredient to the gimbap . okay let 's get started .
FA0VTvlghy0 if you want to go in to another five step jump you can try another variation . this one 's a little bit rhythmically tricky because , musicians if you want to kind of think about it withing the four four pattern of ceebu jen , it 's going to be kind of like a dotted quarter an eighth note rhythm or you can think of it as more of a triple rhythm , a triplet rhythm , but different beats of those triplets are being accented . so let me demonstrate it real quick without the drum . and then we 'll see if we can try it together with the drum . so , with the jump , and then right , left , right , left , right , left . so you kind of start out slow in the first right left right left , you pick it up at the end . so left to right , right , left , right , and you just want to alternate your feet . and it 's hard to kind of pause when it 's such a driving rhythm behind you . you really need to kind of force yourself to not do that move too quickly . it goes against the rhythm . it kind of goes against how you think you might want to do it . but , if you slow it down it 's going to look a little bit better . so let 's try it real quick with the drum rhythm . o.k. , so again rhythmically tricky , it 's going to take a little bit of a practice . again you can end it however you want . if you want to do a turn one way or the other , that 's all up to you .
aIrMe3TiXvc capital u is another letter which exactly mimics the lower case letter , so should be somewhat familiar and easy to draw . so , two strokes , a couple of points with the u. you want to keep this line straight until the last bit . the second stroke is going to intersect at a place where it 's parallel of course , but we also preserve that stem stroke , that lifting stroke . so the u has two parallel strokes for the most part , not counting the bowl just like the lowercase . so here 's a lower case u. so if you keep the proportions of the u , keep in mind that 's it 's not as wide as it is tall . so we 're going to be slightly narrower , so it would fit into a parallelogram or a rectangle with a slight forward slant . and you 'll have it .
1XE5LtnrkWk this is a spanish oak tree that grows well in texas . they can get quite large up to 80 feet and get quite big enough where it takes couple of men to get around . they are native in the creek bottoms and areas where you can get a little water not so much anymore in the areas of texas . the tree is quite well adapted and it makes a good shade tree as you can see from this one . it makes a high shade canopy and it is not susceptible to a lot of diseases that the other oaks are susceptible to . they are well known in texas as a yard shaped tree .
2fFCfBG1L9I phil coonrod : hi . this is phil coonrod . on behalf of expert village , today we 're going to talk about how to beat call of duty 4 : modern warfare . call of duty 4 : modern warfare is a registered trademark of activision , a company in which i have no affiliation . there are dogs in this level again and i was lucky enough to stab that one . lucky enough to break that one 's neck ; and for some reason my other teammates are n't really helping me out much here . but we took everybody out . and going to be looking for griggs now . gon na go ahead and get my shotgun out now that we 're going indoors , close quarters . and griggs is actually in here getting interrogated . so when he breaks through this door we 're going to have to make sure that we go in there guns blazing and not shoot griggs . so we did a really good job of . so you have to untie him . just hold x to untie him . he 's going to get his gun and -- or his weapon and we 're going to get moving . now you have to go blow the electricity now for this camp . we have to place some democharges . go ahead and get out of your night vision .
d1JLiJtl6iY this exercise is called teaser two . now in teaser one , we moved the torso up to our legs and away from our legs . in teaser two , we 're going to do just the opposite . we 're going to keep balanced on our tail bone as we move the legs away and then towards our torso . now typically we would use a pilates ring to perform this exercise to keep everything honest and in alignment . but if you do n't have a pilates ring , just use a simple roll of paper towels and that will keep everything in alignment . so take that roll of paper towels , place it between your ankles , and extend those legs and balance on your tail bone . when you have this , extend your arms , lower your legs down , and lift up , and lower down , and lift up . now if you need to modify this exercise , just simply bend your knees and come down and lift up . now when you 're performing teaser two , all you have to do are about five reps and that 's plenty , and you 've burned out those abdominal muscles , teaser two .
aoP4rMZW4sg some of the most basic styles can also be the most striking . there does come a point where you can embellish too much . sometimes , not sometimes , it 's alway better to have less be more . then you get your point across and it does n't look like you 're overdoing . so here we have another undershirt tank top , and instead of doing all the lines like i normally do i decided laurel , go simple . and it turned out to be one of my favorite ones from the collection that i did because it is simple . so i had it with pretty thick straps and a scoop neck and the top part goes right under the armpits , it 's higher up and it goes right to your waist and could be worn alone if you 're going running or worn alone if you 're vacuuming your house . and then i added in my design detail of the center line because i wanted it to mimic the men 's wear inspired briefs with the center line .
3Rx2fV5KdiQ alright , the drink we 're about to make is called southern pride . so if you have yourself some southern pride and you want to show it with a nice shot , then this is how you do it . we 're going to serve it chilled . feel free to serve it up neat if you 'd like , but i like my shots nice and chilled . so let 's go ahead and measure out one ounce of southern comfort . here we go , southern comfort going in . let 's do two ounces . let 's make it extra strong . there we go . i love it . now we 're going to add one ounce of peach schnapps . alright , let 's pour that in . and now we 're going to shake it up . and this is going to be enough southern pride for two people , so make sure you have a friend ready to enjoy it with you . or if you just want to double fist a shot , that 's understandable . okay , we 've got two shot glasses and let 's go ahead and pour it in . i can smell that peach scent coming through . and the southern comfort actually has peach flavor to it as well , so it seems pretty smart to combine those two ingredients . bottoms up .
dYbZIFjXitU chris murphy : hi . on behalf of expert village , this is chris murphy . i 'm here at the new york comedy club in new york city . today we 're going to talk about how to have a career in comedy . okay . now , this is getting paid to work networking , alright ? now , your act is going to get you rebooked , that 's more important . networking will get you booked once , but you do n't want to be one of those comics who works everywhere once . so , make sure your act is done first . now , networking , how do you do this ? well , if you have a car , it 's beautiful then . then you can call up different comics and barter your services . i 'll drive you to the gigs if i get a non-paid guest spot , five minutes . and then once you do a number of those , you call the booker up and say , `` hey , how 'd you like my work ? can i emcee for you ? '' and get paid . so , that 's an outstanding way to network if you have a car . also , create your own room . if you create your own room , during the week , an outstanding comic wants to come by and work on new stuff , you 'll go , `` hey , give me some recommendation and i 'll get you some work here . '' so do a little barter system . that 's just two ways of getting yourself up on the stage in networking . okay ?
3AS9yqkVcvs hi i 'm tristan mccauly from lucky seven tattoo . i 'm here to talk to you about safe belly button piercing . first and foremost you want to make sure that everything being used is prepackaged , pre-sterilized . you want to make sure the needles are one use , single use needles , tri-beveled . you also want to make sure that all the company you go to is regulated by a local health department , or something of that nature . this keeps them accountable for all the piercings they do , anything that goes wrong , they are going to come back to them . you want to make sure that you are going with a reputable artist . take a look at their portfolio , make sure that they 've done what you are getting done a few times . they know what they are doing . make sure that they look right in the pictures . feel free to ask questions . if your artist is being a pain about asking questions or answering questions for you , you should probably go to another place . they should be willing to show you any kind of documentation . their license for piercing practitioners , anything that you ask for . first thing they want to do is you want to clean the area really well with a soap . this is a technicare , it 's basically what surgeons use before surgery . you want to clean the area really well . you make a mark with a single use utensil . and i use genisian violet just to mark it . you want to make sure that they are not putting too much pressure on the body with the clamps . putting too much pressure on the body with the clamps can cause extra trauma to the area that 's not necessary . can cause bruising , swelling , things of that nature . you want to make sure that your jewelry is pre-sterilized , prepackaged . like i said before , this avoids any kind of risk later on down the road . these are just a few of the things to make sure that are present when you are trying to get a safe and clean belly button piercing .
DAAiPKoIyd0 hi , i 'm barry i 'm with expert village and this is the wall tap . in this clip we 're going to talk about the approach and that is the key to what 's going to get you on that wall and safely ride away . you are going to get your speed and you are going to pump back and forth with your arms . that is what is going to keep your speed going , you are going to pedal as hard as you can and this is going to take a while . you get use to speed a lot of people are not use to that speed . but once you get use to that speed , that is initially the big key you are going to go at . this as fast as you can you are going to come up at this . hit this transition and you are going to basically suck up the transition you are going to compress into it , come off hit the wall you can either ride the wall , that would be a wall ride or you can tap off the wall . generally what a tap is you hit the wall with both tires or one bounce off come in on your approach and it 's almost like a nose dive . you land and you ride away .
16ozsHjPGLI now , i 'm going to talk to you a little bit about your key guards and the key guard screws on your saxophone . this is a very common thing . just from the natural vibration of you playing your instrument . this key guards will come loose on their own . there screw will just actually work themselves out a little bit . just very normal . one thing to prevent that from happening is to take a little bit of a blue block tight thread locker that you can get from the hardware store . and put that on any of your little screws that have come loose . they will normally just keep on backing out if you do n't do that . that 's a simple fix that you can do yourself . now also , we have adjust our key screws on here , which holds the keys unto the instruments . if you find , come across on that 's loose or you key just falls off , it 's pretty simple to go ahead and put that back on . would be just take your little screw driver and back it out or tighten the screw as needed and as long as your keys moving freely , you should be fine . but if that 's happening , i would definitely take it to your nearest repair professional to find out why that 's happening . but that is a little about key guards and screws .
C0fPZgeY2rg how does a snake grow ? well that 's a good question . snakes grow in a kind of different way than we do . people shed skin every day all day as they grow and change and move around . snake scales are a little different they are more like an armor coating on the outside they do n't allow for such free growth so what actually happens is they shed their skin like right down here we have shed skin from a baby corn snake , well not really too much of a baby any more . what they do is they rub their head against something , here 's the head over here . they rub their head to split their skin and then slowly roll it off of them kind of like taking off a sock from the top down until this is actually inside out . when it comes off of them and it is inside out . then you can actually see all the little individual scales on the top and you can see all of the belly scales on the bottom and they do this depending on the size of the snake . a baby snake might shed every week to an adult snake that might shed once a year so it really varies as to how often they 're going to shed their skin because it depends on how much they are growing . obviously an adult snake grows a lot less than a baby snake so they are going to shed a lot less but they do need to shed every once in a while to revitalize their scales , repair any damage that may have occurred and continue on with their healthy life .
Do1hcBy_QGQ so we 're here today to talk about long coated dog breeds and the different grooming tools that are necessary to properly care for a coated breed . first , the question could be what is a coated breed . what does that mean coated breed ? we have a coated breed right here lying on the grooming table . this is a 5 year old male briard . briard is a french sheep dog . these dogs have long coats . there are many , many different breeds with long coats . this is just one example . i just want to show you here the actual length that this type of coat can be . if the hair is starting up here at the back , we bring it down here . on this dog here , the coat 's a good 6-10 inches in different spots . this coat actually has very different requirements for the care than would say a short haired dog breed such as a labrador , golden retriever , german shepherd . we want to talk about why we need to use the different tools , how to handle this coat , how to maintain it and take care of it properly . one of the important things to realize is that if a long coated breed , if the dog becomes matted then it 's going to very uncomfortable for the dog . so if they 're matted in the neck when they scratch , if they get matted under the arms . this is a place that they get matted . if they get matted under the arms they can be very uncomfortable when they 're walking . another place that gets matted where there 's a lot of friction is right here in the loin area and there 's friction when the dog is moving , when the leg is moving and this hair rubs together . another place that can get matted is down here at the tail in the back of the dog . if it gets matted down there that can cause problems when the dog is defecating . it 's a very different coat type when you 're dealing with a coated breed and it 's very important to keep the dog comfortable and clean and matt free . we 're going to talk about the different tools that you can use and how to use them to do this .
3JEgnpryWBQ the foot position that you 'll need for a blunt to fakie will be basically be very similar to the foot position that you use for a regular ollie . once you 've rolled up the ramp and you 're in the blunt position you 're going to want to make sure your front foot is just behind the front set of mounting hardware , or the two front wheels . your back foot you 're going to want to have on the tip of the tail and the reason that you want that there is so that you 're able to get as much flux out of this position as you can to get you out of the blunt position and rolling down to fakie . so the back foot is in charge of pushing down when you 're ready to pop out and the front foot is in this position so that it has room to actually get a small ollie to guide it out to fakie . now , remember basically the blunt is an ollie to fakie afterwards so once you 've learned how to get in and you 've mastered that all you 're doing is an ollie to fakie and guiding it down . so you want to imagine that in this position you 're actually doing an ollie and then headed back in and you want to keep your weight as much above the board as you can because you do n't want to get too far into the ramp and you do n't want to get too far on top of it because your wheels will fall down . so you want to keep your weight above it and position your foot to hold that , your front foot , and pop out to fakie , and this is the proper foot position for a blunt to fakie .
dA92Cd9a65U let 's take our single twist and add it to our triangle step and put up on releve . so the first thing you want to make sure is right foot goes forward , right ? forward , middle , back , middle . now start with the weight just on the balls of your feet . if you have hard time with balance , do n't try to go up really high right away , stay kind of low but keep the weight towards the balls of your fee . good . and now add a twist . so right foot goes forward , right hip twists forward . make sure it 's not a bump , it  s not a lift . it 's a nice flat twist . good . now as we keep going with this move , make sure you keep your hips under you and not in forward and back . okay . so keep your weight right under you as you shift back and forth . alright . forward , middle , back , you can speed it up . one , two ; one , two ; one , two . do n't let those hands fly around . practice in front of a mirror so you get a nice clean line , good . other side . and left , right , left , right . weight on the balls of the feet . good . then take it up high if you can . keep your weight under you . double time . forward , forward , left , left , left , left , left , left , left , left , left , left . very nice .
2i3N97pay3o continuing with our focus on the upper body , i want to show you a spinal roll . now , i 'm going to show you it from several directions . let me begin by showing it to you from the front . so , in a spiral roll you want to begin at the chest and just release that chest down . then , the head slowly releases and then you slowly roll back up . let that head totally release , relax until the spine comes up tall . and , then let the jaw come up sensing the space under the jaw and then you continue the roll once again . chest leads . release the head . slowly come up back . you can relax those hands on your thighs . taking your time as you sink down . release and slowly come back up . so , let me show you that from the side too so you get more of a sense of it from the side . the bend , the way it looks . releasing the chest first . head releases . slowly roll up . head 's the last thing to come up . jaw 's the last thing really to come up . sense that space under your jaw and you continue . so , you make it one continuous flow like a wave from the back of the body to the front of the body . once again , allowing yourself to go only as low as you want to go finding that place of comfort and ease as you roll through . relaxing into it even more . sensing the agility of the spine , the flexibility of the spine . the spinal roll .
Dzcmn5E-Nq8 hi , my name is dan schmidt from the chinese martial arts center . and today , we 're going to be showing you the proper way to show a cross over round kick . okay , so from a fighting position , okay , you want to take your back leg , crossover in front of the front leg , you 're going to pick up your leg , okay , have the toes pointed down , kick straight out and the back down . okay , so again , so you 're here , you 're going to crossover with the rear leg , pick up the leg , toes facing down , slap the foot out , back and down . so you 're here , cross , kick , straight down . okay , so from this angle , so he steps over , okay , now if you notice the body , you want to keep it straight up and down , you can twist slightly , you do n't want to stay squared , you do n't want to be a target . okay , you pick up the leg , point the toes and slap out , then down . okay , so with this kick , you 're kicking with the top of the foot of the shoelace area . this kick is good as an attack or as a defense . okay . so , as a defense , you can use it , if he tries around , kick me in the head , see i crossover , i kick him at the same time . okay . or i can use it as an attack , and i can kick lower . okay , so i could fake out high , so here and then kick low or to the groin . okay , also , you can kick to the middle , same thing . okay , he punches , cross , kick straight to the middle . that 's the proper way to perform a cross over round kick .
FJwKfq2TkSw the other half of the equation in selecting a telescope is selecting a good sturdy mount . this will make your observing a lot less frustrating . the mount i have in front of me are called altazimuth mounts . alt for attitude , azimuth left and right . typically very simple , lightweight , cost effective , and are ideal when you 're going to do daytime viewing as well as astronomy . so a simple motion right here is just an easy way to point your telescope into the sky . with your big binoculars , this is also an altazimuth mount ; very easy , up and down , left and right . typically there 's a tension control here . you can just kind of leave that tension right where you like it and the scopes will still stay quite where you leave them . these are ideal for daytime use and for getting into astronomy . however , if you 're getting into a little bit higher power use , right over here , many altazimuth mounts will come with slow motion controls . as you 're moving around the night sky at 60 , 70 , 80 magnification , just using the handle or trying to move the unit itself can be a little jerky . so right here we 've got slow motion controls to help compensate for the earth 's rotation , and a lot easier to keep that object in the field of view .
5TrHMt0HYI4 now on the dress form , we have the shoulder seam , the arm hole and the side seam of your garment . the arm holes are obviously where the shoulder seam generally falls on the garment . though , it can vary in size . depending on what kind of sleeve you 're doing . you may have drapey , huge arm holes for like a bat wing garment . you may have really tight like this , arm hole . for a cap sleeve garment . but basically , this would be the generic placing for an arm hole . and the side seam , it may or may not be visible on your croquet . it will all depend on the pose . if you 're looking at somebody from the front . and you 're drawing the picture from the front . obviously , you 're not really going to see , you might see some of the side seam . but just a little glance of it . but it is always there . if you were to rotate , your croquet . and redraw it , facing sideways . you will see it . and even if it 's a nice symmetrical garment , you 'll have a side seam somewhere .
cH7XoteDXJc now , once again , we 're talking about using what it felt like when you played . also , you can listen to the sound and how it made you , actually how it made you feel . or when you 're listening to a song , what did it feel like when you heard it ? what did the sound kind of ... was it kind of mad , or was it sad ? how did it make you feel emotionally ? when you 're playing a ... .the difference between a major or minor chord , a minor chord sounds mad , like , it 's very serious . or as opposed to a major chord , which is more happy . ( plays ) sounds like a king entered the room . it 's more a pleasant idea than being with the dragon . ( plays ) ah..h ... h ... so , you know , pay attention to the mood of the music , how it made you feel .
5e6uzsPMNXc the foot position that you 'll need for a switch pivot is basically , you 're going to need to put your foot on the nose , right about where the nose starts to bend up . your back foot is going to be placed somewhere above the two back wheels , or the back trunk mounting hardware . the foot positioning that 's going to be needed for a switch pivot , is going to depend on how , when you approach the top of the ramp , how much you 're going to need to be above the trick . now what this means , is you 're going to want to stand on the inside of the ramp for most of this trick , so your foot positioning has to reflect that . what you 're going to want to do , is travel up the ramp , rolling switch as much as possible , meaning looking in the direction that you 're headed , so your back foot sometimes can be pointed a little bit downward . what this will help do , is after you 've gotten your one wheel , the wheel that 's underneath your heel , on top of the ramp , you 'll want to put weight on your toe , to get it back out and back down the ramp , so after you 've gotten into it , if your foot is slightly bent , you 're already in the position to put that weight and to bring it out . the back foot basically , just has to comfortable above the back trunk , and when you travel up , it needs to sometimes get a little bit vertical , so what you may want to do , is imagine on your way in , that you bend your foot a little bit like this , just so that you can point the board down more , to get your two back wheels to clear the coping , because that 's the hardest part of this trick . the other reason you want your foot on the nose , is because after you 've cleared that wheel , you 're almost going to do a little bit of a nose wheelie down the transition . that 's another thing to make sure that the two back wheels clear the coping , so remember , foot position slightly pointed forward to pivot it in , and to turn it into a slight nose wheelie , and head down the ramp , and that 's the foot position for a switch pivot .
cC-R0MaaHuQ are you having a problem with your eyelashes breaking off ? i 'm cg with lips and more and why do eyelashes break off ? well a number of reasons . main one could be you 're using a wrong mascara and you 're also pearling and tugging too much on the eyelashes . you can break them off that way because they dry out . mascara dries the eyelashes because of the chemicals that are your eyelashes , i mean , excuse me , in the mascara to color the eyelashes . so that 's one reason . another reason is you 've just pulled and tugged on them too much . they will break off for that reason as well . there also could be a medical condition where your eyelashes are breaking off or even falling out . so you also want to consider that . but first of all to make sure , make sure you 're eating healthy . that always helps , getting your vitamin c 's . we all know the routine when you feel better you 'll look better and our hair and eyelashes will all grow . so to recap it , why are they breaking off ? could be health reasons , could be the mascara , could be you 're just pulling and tugging your eyelashes too much . this is cg with lips and more and the greatest gift is the gift of beauty .
5eA5HpyFsIk now in order to be the most efficient and effective in responding to your messages that come in via email , there 's two things that you need to do . first , you always want , you want to get really good at checking your subject line and hopefully the people that are sending you email are putting good subject lines so that you know what it is exactly that they 're emailing you about . but something else that you might not have thought about before , but it 's very important and will help you save a lot of time is if you will read the email that came in last first . because some , the email that you just got three minutes ago , might be addressing an email from twenty minutes ago . and the problems are already solved . so if you start at the bottom of what came in an hour ago , and start responding to all of these emails , you might find when you get to the top that two or three of them , you do n't even need to respond to . they were already resolved . so , make sure that you check them in the most recent order to the least recent order .
CfpBPGOuKMs hi , i 'm heath heine here with clearview windshield repair on behalf of expert village . in this clip we are going to be talking about understanding a windshield . now i am going to help you understand why a windshield can be repaired . see you have several different types of glass . on your house it is plate glass . plate glass can actually crack and break into shards and it can slice you . i do n't know , lot 's of different ways . it 's pretty bad stuff . empered glass is glass on the side of your windows and that has been heated , reheated , reheated so when that breaks in the event of a rollover or something or even a cop breaking a window open for you so you can get out , it breaks into little cubes . you might have seen that in a car accident or something . now another thing on a windshield it is laminated glass . it has two layers of glass that are sandwiched together and then the inside layer is polyvinyl butyl which is a plastic inner layer . so what happens is when that gets a knick that can be repaired because you inject the resin in and it stops before it even hits the second layer of glass . so instead of injecting and going all the way through , it injects and stops . therefore , being able to seal that break . now with the stone breaking a windshield , basically what happens is that darker blackness that you see in the break is air and air as we all know expands and contracts and cracks across your windshield so it can further the crack . so what we do in a windshield repair process is that we inject an acrylic resin into the break to fill the void and siphon that air out . therefore , the break is filled and ca n't crack out any further .
4YBJEZIXIeI my name is scott and i 'm the owner of climb on indoor rock climbing gym in wilmington , north carolina . today we are going to discuss strategies for rock climbing . the first strategy for rock climbing would to be get proper instruction from a qualified rock climbing instructor . once you 've done that if you go to and indoor gym you are going to see a lot of routes which are taped and marked in different difficulties . once you begin climbing these routes you are going to want to look at the difficulty level and then begin to climb it . the reason that they are marked is so that you are not climbing above your level . so if you are a beginner you are going to climb these zeros or v ones . if you are a more climber you are going to climb v threes or v eights or v fives . the higher that number goes the harder the problem is going to become . and that is across the country . so if we were climbing a v one , we would only use the yellow tape . so one of the strategies i would use is to take a look at the climb to know where i 'm going to move and how i 'm going to use that movement . so by looking at that climb i know it ends over there on the right . so what i would do is start down here , and use my feet on the wall to get to these next holes so i that i could advance to the end . this has been strategies for rock climbing .
3xtnvxSmYFU in this clip , we 'll talk about your first consultation with a plastic surgeon for breast reduction . when you come in to see the plastic surgeon , it will be very important that you give all of your health history . and , then the surgeon will perform a thorough physical examination and have a discussion with you about his findings and his recommendations for your breast reduction surgery . during the examination , he will examine your breasts by palpation feeling the breast to make sure that there are no abnormalities . no problems with the skin , no problems with the nipples , no problems with abnormal lumps or bumps or infections . that the breasts have an appearance that would justify breast reduction . meaning , overly large for the body . usually , in the very very full c , d or higher cup range that they would be projecting below the fold of the breast . so , therefore warranting the reduction . and , then checking for such things as the symmetry of the breasts . do the two breasts match up or not ? in fact , most women do not have symmetric breasts . and , most humans do not have two symmetric breasts . so , this is a very common finding . and , it 's important for the person or patient to understand and the surgeon to understand as far as planning and results .
E-NY57t8Evc when you are burping your coolant the first thing you do is you fill it up all the way with the engine running and fill the reservoir as well and as the engine heats up you will see bubbles come out and sometimes you will hear a burping sound but as soon as the bubbles stop coming out and the coolant is at a level , is all the way up then you 're done burping your system . the easiest part to find will be the overflow reservoir which will say add coolant and it will have lines that say full hot or full cold and another place that you can find the coolant is in the radiator and that is where we are burping it from is by removing the radiator cap and checking the coolant level inside the radiator itself .
4BtS35ca8qg alan mark lightner : hi . i 'm alan lightner with expert village . we 're talking about playing steelpans and fitting into various musical situations , playing with different types of ensembles . right now , i 'd like to talk about more about leading an ensemble and playing solo on the steelpans which you -- one thing that you want to be aware of is the melody that you will be playing and choosing a melody and learning that melody that works well on your particular instrument , on the steelpans . remember that your instrument is a drum . so you 're going to be tapping these melodies out . you can roll , obviously you can roll , we 'll talk about that in technique , but your instrument is a drum and so you 're going to have that kind of attack as opposed to let 's say , a violin , where you know the attack is going to not be as sharp here . here , you 're almost always going to have a sharp attack on your melody . so when you 're choosing melodies , let 's say , you 're trying to choose a pretty melody to play , you do have to be aware that you actually can play pretty , but you are going to have an attack . it 's going to be different than if a violin played that or even a flute where it 's more legato . you 've got specific attacks here . even when you play rolls , you 've got attacks . you want to choose you melody accordingly . remember , that if you let me -- while you 're listening to the melody and choosing when i like to play this song , would that song work on a drum ? is that going to have the impression that you want to bring about playing it with attacks as opposed to your voice which you may be able to sing between different notes and glide smoothly . this one , you 've got ring between notes but there is that attack that you got to be aware of , and the best steeldrummers that you hear always choose the melodies that sing nicely on the drum and are played -- that sound great when they 're played with an attack . so you have to be aware of that .
2AEbIUQhIyM now we 're going to talk about the sponge tool . if we look at the screen here , we can see that i , have brought up this picture of the sunflower here , which is a stock photo right out of adobe , out of photoshop that comes with it . and if we come over here and hit our dodge tool and our burn tool , we 'll see that our third option is our sponge tool . our sponge tool kind of combines the aspects of both , taking darks and making them darker and then taking lights and making them lighter . and if you keep messing with it , what you will find is that it will create a grayscale effect , when it 's done , if you use it way too much . so what we 're going to do is kind of lighten this up a little bit , because this picture is actually just too bright . too vivid , too vivid on color , so we 're going to tame that a little bit , give it an old look , like color printed newsprint . there we go . there we go , and as you can see some of it is starting to gray out , going towards that monochromic black-white . that 's alright , we can just keep playing with it , just get the things that we 're looking for . there now it looks a old , it looks like the plants been around for quite some time . we 'll go down here to some of the leaves , and as i see this i , most of the highlights on the leaves are going to go stark white , while some of the rest of this is just going to go into this grayish color . so , basically you can play around with it and use it however you like . it 's going to give you mostly a grayscale , but it combines both the best of the dark , of the burn tool , and your dodge tool . so play around with it , have fun and enjoy .
_aVxaYblk5M in this clip on how to audition for a broadway play , i 'm going to talk about sides . so far i 've talked about monologues and most of the time you have to prepare a monologue . but a lot of the time , almost half the time , they might ask you to read sides . now sides is code word for a part of the scripts . so they might give you a copy of this , they might give it to you the night before , or you might go in and if it 's an open call , a union audition , you might only get twenty minutes where it 's in your hand before you get to go in . so these are sides , it says celeste so that i know i 'm reading for celeste . so this is what sides are , the most important thing is to read it and get it , read it , read it many , many times , as many times as you can . note the facts , note any fact that you see about your character . what other people saying about your character , what is your character say about itself , what is stage direction saying about your character . what is happening in this scene , note the beats , the different moments in this little scene . the places where your character has a sudden new realization or a new mood happens . so note the beats , the movements , note the facts , get as much information , be a detective when you read these sides .
5S9HjQKoMnU hi , i 'm johanna , and this is karen . we 're from hip expressions belly dance studio in st. petersburg , florida . let 's do a foundation drill for our reverse undulations for belly dance . so let 's start with our feet facing straight ahead , knees bent , belly button pulled in , chest lifted , and shoulders back and down . so for this drill , we 're going to work the lower abs and then the upper abdominals . so , make sure you have a nice low squat without letting your butt stick out , and we 're just going to drill the low abs . so we 're going to release the hips back and tuck up and in . release back , and up and in . make sure you 're not squeezing your butt , and putting your hips forward . bring them up with those lower abs . drop , and lift . drop , and pull in . good . and tuck . drop , and tuck . arms out away from the body . drop and tuck . good . let 's talk about the upper body . end with a tuck here . we 're going to lift the chest and pull back to center . lift and pull . lift and pull . while you 're moving your upper body , make sure your lower body does n't move . while you 're moving your lower body , make sure your upper body does n't move . one more time at the top . lift and pull . lift and pull . good . practice that in front of a mirror , and make sure you have a nice -- do n't do a level change -- you have a nice , even isolation .
FM99RYy610w this is john with expert village and i 'm talking about making your own logo . now one of the big factors that i think in design that 's very simple but easy way to do is once you 've decided on your actual colors ( let 's change this up here , go a little bit different here ) now one thing you want to do is you want to keep these in layers . see over here you 've got a layer and you 've got a layer , so by keeping it in layers you 're able to maneuver it around so that way you can say , okay which one does this fit with ? so that way you can quickly go through and maybe you like this one , but maybe humm does that fit ? so i always like to keep them in layers and i like to keep multiple ones and so keep your eye open . for instance here i think this might actually work but i think it might actually work if it 's smaller . so , let 's just shrink it down a little bit . it could be too small , you 'll make that decision . so , logo do it yourself . so if that decides , hey it fits or you may want to up it up just a little more , fit it right in there and see if you like it . what you want to do is you just want to continue to play with these and you want to pull them up and down until you find the one that you think works the best for your company .
Da0LjheLUp0 hi , i 'm danny botkin from laughing dog farm . today i 'm going to talk to you a little bit about about mixing soil . so to produce large numbers of beautiful food seedlings early in the season we need some good soil . and there 's a lot to the science of soil , but you ... you might know that it 's also an art as much as a science . so , we 're going to be mixing various ingredients into this wheelbarrow to come up with the most rich potting soil that we can to give these valuable , heirloom vegetable seedlings a extremely fast and robust start . so what do we need to know about mixing soil ? well , essentially , soil is made of clay , silt and sand , three different sized particles . depending on the combination of the clay , silt and sand in your soil , you 're going to have a soil that either is well-drained , or not so well-drained , or down right water-logged . a good soil is a combination of ... of particle sizes , so you have your sand , you have your silt , you have your clay , and then you have organic matter . so when we mix soil , we 're going to want to bring into the equation organic matter , nutrients in the form of a manure compost , and then something to bulk it up . something to give it body , that the plants can grow and send their roots into .
CrAl8icmrJo this is peggy charlton for expert village planning a family reunion . in your place considering your place you might want to have it at the same place every year for instance of we are going to have ours probably most of the time the family farm where we grew up . but my sister has building her a new home in oklahoma so we may be having it there occasionally because it is kind of hard on my brother to always have ti every year so it is good to sometimes alternate if one person has to do it . however they may that may be something they may want to do every year forever have it at home place where the kids grew up and that is great . but if you want to alternate in spot you may want to do it here one year , then you might want to go to the beach another year or you may want to go to frontier place out in the country , there are just numerous places that you can go to . so it is just up to the family to decide if you want to have ti you know where you want to have it every year .
eVzZAJ25I0U okay , so this next exercise is the 1,2,3 crunch and i like to use the ball when i am doing this and it 's just a spin on the crunch and it uses your arms . the ball is weighted so it 's really going to help your arms and also since you 're using weights , it 's going to put more resistance on your abdominals and make them work harder . so 1,2,3 crunch goes something like this : you want to make sure your feet are flat on the mat or the ground . also make sure you 're lower back is into the mat . shoulders down , make sure you 're in a comfortable position and you 're legs are about hip width apart . so you 're going to come up 1,2,3 and down . 1,2,3 and down . and you 're going to breath . and what you do like with each segment like 1 ... you stop and wait about a second . 2 ... hold it for a second . 3 ... hold it for a second . and that allows you to use the strength of your abs as you go up . i recommend doing about 25 sets of these and your abs are going to get so strong and your arms as well .
dYnZucYreSI for the first step in how to make pasta , i 'm going to go over the ingredients and equipment that you 'll be using . first , the ingredients . you 'll flour and eggs . that 's right . that 's all that you 'll be needing for your pasta . for one pound of pasta , you need about a pound of flour , which if you do n't have a kitchen scale , it 's equal to approximately 4 cups of flour . then you 'll also need 4 eggs . that 's it . of course , a bowl and a fork to mix it with . you can also have a spatula for scraping the bowl down . for the pasta maker , of course , you 'll just need whatever equipment happens to come with your pasta maker . mine has several different types of dyes that we 'll be using . the dyes are what form the pasta shape . i 'll be going over several of those with you later . for making the pasta , pasta maker and all the things that come with it . make sure to read your instructions so that you know that you have everything that you need before you start . last by not least , you 'll also need a sharp knife . this will be for cutting the pasta as it 's being extruded from the machine .
btgl52iuJGk pimples are caused by the overproduction of sebum oil which lubricates the skin and hair . i '' m jackie with how to get rid of pimples properly . when the skin 's pores become clogged with sebum , pimples can form . talk to your doctor if your acne 's serious or if you 're unable to control it . the best way to get rid of pimples and acne is to keep your face clean . bring a pot of water to a boil , then turn down the stove to medium or low . while the water is steaming , make a tent over your head to catch the steam around your face . you can use a towel for this . be careful not to put your face too close to the pot or boiling water . do this once a week for about ten minutes , then wash your face with a gentle facial wash specially formulated for oily or combination skin . use an oil free moisturizer . try to keep your hands and hair away form your face to reduce oil and dirt . also , put clean pillow cases on your pillows every three to four days . if you already have pimples , do n't pop them . this can lead to secondary infection and scarring . with proper care , they 'll go away on their own . remember , to get rid of pimples properly , steam your pores , keep your face clean , avoid touching your face too much and do n't pop pimples . check with your doctor for severe cases or if you think the spot may be something other than a pimple . i 'm jackie with how to get rid of pimples properly . have a super day .
_0Ls4vISM6Q now let 's talk briefly about strategies for grading the course . and what i have found essential in all of the courses that i teach is that i develop a simple grading system . and i make it clear to the students , early on , what that grading system is . you know , fifty percent of your grade is participation , thirty percent of your grade is participation , ten percent is absences , twenty percent is quizzes . whatever it is , keep it very , very simple , as absolutely simple as possible . and let the students know what the system is so that they wo n't have any questions or any confusion throughout the semester , throughout the course as to what something is worth . what is this worth , what is this activity worth ? keep it simple .
D2Peh9UT-Bg ok so mirriam is here to help me . this is mirriam suavizar again i am christina haggerty and we 're actually going to show you merengue and now we 're going to show you what the partnering is going to look like when your together . so i 'm going to start in close position . close position i 'm going to create a frame with my hand that i actually place around my partner . placing my hand as close to the center of her back as i can and then the right hand again just open here and mirriam puts here hand in mine and she places her right hand on my shoulder . rest her arm gently on my frame . so now let 's come back into our basic merengue step . generally the leader is the one that starts on the left foot , the follower on the right and then from there you just go into your merengue step keeping the rhythm . now with my frame i can lead a turn or i can lead a turn going back the other way . all we 're doing is we 're traveling the merengue steps both of us in a circle . leaders your frame is very important . i 'm using my hand , my arm to actually lead my partner with me . i 'm taking her with me . so i am leading with my whole body and to come back . i would say eighty percent of the lead is on this arm for all for that step . so again smoothing it out we are one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . one , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight . that 's the basic in merengue .
2mGY-j81qLc dr. susan jewell : hello . my name is dr. susan jewell and on behalf of expert village today , i 'm going to talk to you about how to recognize fatigue and also ways to reduce the symptoms of fatigue . now , fatigue is a common ailment that most people and patients come in and complaint about and it can be caused by many different things . now , one of the things that could cause fatigue is also lack of exercise and a sedentary life or just the fact that if you 're working 9 to 5 in the office and you 're hours behind the computer or you live a sedentary life by watching tv all day long , that 's going to put you prone to getting fatigue because you 're lacking exercise and you become amotivational , so one way i use is to do a massage . if you 're lucky enough to have a significant other or a friend who would give you a massage , that would be a good thing because massaging will help to increase the circulation and flow and oxygen to the body , and especially to the head if you do a head message , to decrease the symptoms of fatigue . and here , you can buy these devices . here is a very heavy duty massager and implement , but nowadays you can buy a smaller portable massage vibrator such that you can put in your bag so you can use in the office or when you 're out on the road and out and about . and yeah , these massages needs to -- obviously , they all have different ways but basically it 's to reduce tension and to reduce stress and to increase blood circulation to distribute more evenly over the body and also to help you reduce the symptoms of fatigue .
CdaX8MDsJkc hi . this is rich buccola here in new york city and today on behalf of expert village , i 'm going to show you how to make ratatouille . alright , before we start with our eggplant , beautiful eggplant by the way , make sure you lower that flame and just let that simmer . that paste and that garlic . and while that 's simmering now we 're going to start to chop this beautiful eggplant . alright the first thing you 're going to do is chop off the end of the stem where the top is of the eggplant . to get a beautiful eggplant , make sure they 're , get a beautiful eggplant make sure they 're not bruised anywhere , they 're firm to the touch . listen to that . you can hear it , it 's nice and firm . beautiful . and what we 're going to do is cut off both ends . what i like to do is real simple . just cut it in half . make sure you wash your veggies really good . alright ? what i do is just cut this bad boy in half . put the flat side down . i 'll cut it in half again , like so . i 'll do the same thing to the other one . now this was a big sized eggplant . so what i 'm going to do now is just coming back , make it like one inch pieces . this is such a big eggplant , i 'm actually going to slice it again here , just to make the cubes more symmetrical . remember what i 'm going to do is just cut about an inch back . and you 'll see , you 'll have nice size pieces that way . and like i said , this is going to cook down . there 's a lot of water in this . i 'm going to try to get all of that flavors of this beautiful eggplant . eggplant is , i tell you it 's delicious and it 's good for you . so again if you have some big pieces like this , you might want to cut this down too .
bHknsFurK5Q um , so actually we can go ahead and use the example of `` he ate all the red m & m 's out of santa 's sack , because he read on the internet that if he eats enough of them , his nose will glow like rudolf  s . '' so dave 's actually right now in a sound proof room and we 're going to go and grab him . he 's going to be our criminal and we 're going to play a sample of interrogation . teri : alright , come on in dave . alright , that is just sick ! what you did is just sick ! do n't you have a stomach ache ? all those sweets . david : ah , i ate all the fruit cake . fruit cake . teri : you know the fruit cake would be okay . it does n't have as much sugar as this . and you know what - out of his , *sigh* - it 's sacred to go into that thing . it 's got toys in it for all the girls and boys . you should n't be going into his thing and grabbing stuff out of it . did it melt in your mouth or did it melt in your hand ? i just want to know . david : i did n't steal the cookies out of santa 's sack . teri : yeah , well the cookies would be okay . that 's a whole other issue , we 'll deal with that later . but did it melt in your hand or melt in your mouth , i just want to know ? david : i did n't eat any m & m 's out of santa 's sack . teri : and i want to know , why that color ? why that color ? is it because it 's like the color of ... david : green 's my favorite color . teri : well , then you should have eaten the green ones . but i 'm talking about stop signs , and also ... david : well , of course i ate all the red ones . teri : out of where ? david : out of santa 's sack . teri : yeah , but why did you do it ? i mean you go on the computer and you read all this wired stuff and you believe it ? i mean , did you really think it would glow and you 'd be able to guide his sleigh tonight ? david : yes , i ate santa 's red m & m 's so that i could light my nose up and guide santa  s sleigh like rudolf . teri : well , i 'm glad you finally admitted it . and that 's how you play interrogation .
_5qd2bktAWY hi . i 'm teaching you the real rules of food and wine pairing . real rule number two is very important and it 's about sweetness , and here it is . sweetness in food makes sweetness in wine go away . sweet food will make wine tasteless sweet . in other words , more acidic and a little bit flatter . now if you have a wine with a little bit of sweetness in it , you pair it up with a food with sweetness in it , that 's perfect . so even though it might sound overwhelming , sweet wine and sweet food is perfect , because you know why . the sweet food will make the wine tasteless sweet . maybe a little bit more balance to you . now let 's look at the correlation of that . a sweet food makes wine tasteless sweet . here 's what we have to remember . most table wines are dry , meaning they 're not sweet . so since most table wines are dry , meaning not sweet , what happens if we pair them up with sweet foods is the fruity flavors go away . in most cases in a table wine , like a chardonnay or merlot , or sauvignon blanc , if those fruity flavors go away , what 's left is things like bitterness and acidity and mineral flavor . that might not be what you had in mind . so it 's very important to remember , if you have any sweetness in your food , make sure your wine has a good deal of sweetness , or at least a good deal of fruit forwardness to go along with it . otherwise your wine will taste flat . that 's a very important rule . rule number two , sweetness in food makes sweetness in wine go away .
-b44ieHORm4 clancy rose : so , here is your grinder and you are going to fill up the hopper with the coffee . the beans are going to flow down here , get ground in the machine , they are going to be -- they are going to flow into the dosing chamber . you have a lever here on this side of the dosing chamber to move the coffee out of the dosing chamber and then later into your porter filter . one of the things that you are going to have to do is find the right espresso grind . like on this machine , a lot of the times it is going to be marked right here on the grinder , and like this one says counterclockwise to make the coffee more fine and clockwise to make the coffee more coarse . what these adjustments do is the finer that you grind the coffee , the more resistance it has on the water that is passing through it while it is brewing and the shot of espresso is going to pour slower . when the coffee is ground more coarse the coffee -- the water passes through it a lot easier and the shot is going to pour a lot faster . these are things that are going to affect the taste of your espresso a lot and you are going to want to find the time that your particular coffee taste the best and play around with the grind adjustment . cool .
35EHthRK5Yo now i 'm going to make a cherry rum . we 're going to start off as always . with our ice . i like to rinse my ice . that way it does n't have that freezer burn type smell to it and then also tastes a lot better and next we 're going to add our light rum and we 're going to need about one and a quarter onces of our rum . so one and then half of the other side . will give you one and a quarter . just like that . any type of rum will do . i 'm using bacardi but you can use another kind if you like and then we 're going to need one and a half teaspoons of cherry brandy . just a little smidge there . just to give a nice little bit cherry kick to it and there we 're about a tablespoon of light cream . like so and that 's going to give it a really nice consistency . we 're going to shake this up . we 're going to strain this into a glass and i 'm going to add a cherry to this . add a little stir straw and voil ? a cherry rum .
1gjp23WV368 so after you have both your synch and asynch four club fountains together , you might want to think about switching in between them without stopping . now this is a pretty cool visual effect , but it will take a lot of time and a lot of practice . so if you start with your asynch pattern , what you 're going to do , is you 're going to take your strong hand and you 're going to throw a triple throw , and leave all other throws exactly the same . so what this will do is it will delay your right hand by one beat , thereby putting it into the same pattern as your left and moving you into synchrous . it looks something like this . here we 're in asynch , we 'll make a triple throw out of our left hand and keep all other throws the same , and it puts you into synch . now to get out of synch , to go back to asynch , you 're going to do the exact same thing , you 're going to delay your hand by one beat , but this will put you into asynch , just like that . hopefully you do n't drop like i just did . but again , so you can see how that works , we 'll be in synch , a triple throw puts us right back into asynch . now that triple throw can be pretty hard to execute it sometimes , but you just have to really think about isolating your right and left hands , getting a triple and a double , and it should all work out !
1aWREUsHajo let 's not overestimate , or shall we say underestimate , the importance of beer . if you 're having alcohol at your st. patrick 's day party , if people show up expecting that and you do n't have beer , game over , you lose if you do n't have it . st. patrick 's day and beer ... yeah , that 's basically one of the five probably strongest associations in the modern western world . so if you 're having a st. patrick 's day party , have a beer on hand . have lots of it , because people are going to be drinking a whole lot of beer . now an extra thing i like to toss in , in addition to just beer , and i 'm not even a beer drinker and i acknowledge the fact i 've got to have beer if people are coming over for st. patrick 's day . you know , everything from your pale ale , to your more popular brands , to your deeper thicker beers like your really think , put a fork in it type beers -- all those things you should have on hand for st. patrick 's day . and what 's better ? have some nice fun mugs for your st. patrick 's day party . what 's more , if you can get them economically , which oftentimes is you 're only like a buck or two apiece , get about ten to twenty of them if you can swing it financially , give them away to party guests , or as a prize . if you 're having games and contests , hey , nice little commemoration of a st. patrick 's day . you can even write in the back in ink if you want , i mean these guys , you 're not having to really worry about these guys for posterity , but it 's a nice little extra way ; the people have mugs , they 're able to raise their toast with their beer , and they 're having a really good time . none of that 's going to happen , unless you make sure you have beer at your st. patrick 's day party . if alcohol 's going to be there , beer is a certainty .
ceSAEXSH3hU hi , i 'm jk dooley and i 'm a professional artist and we 're going to talk a little bit now about the process of going from the original piece of artwork to a giclee reproduction . and the very first thing you have to do is have your original piece of artwork photographed and or at least reproduced . you can either have it photographed or you can have it scanned . so you need to look around for a company that will take this and scan it for you or you need to look for a photographer and one of the things that you really need to you would need to sit down with a photographer , you need to talk to them and ask them if they 're familiar or good at photographing artwork because there really is a trick to it and you 've spent all that time painting it and you 're going to know if there is something wrong with it . so when a photographer shoots your work , he 'll either shoot it digitally and in that case you 'll get a disc or he 'll shoot it with film and you 'll be supplied with a transparency . and the easiest way to explain a transparency if you 're not quite certain what it is , is its just like a slide except its a lot bigger . it can be a 4x5 or an 8x10 . so first thing you want to do is find yourself a really good photographer .
5y5LGW4SNkQ hi , my name is elizabeth and i 'm representing expert village and what i 'm going to show you how to do today , is how to medicate a sugar glider if you ever have to medicate one . the best way is you 'll use a little fleece to grab a hold of your sugar glider like this . you 'll grab either side of their head and you 'll use your administrating syringe here and bring the liquid to their lips . put it right behind their tongue and give it slowly so the animal does n't choke . you just keep holding him here and giving it so . the other things that you can do if they wo n't take the medication , is you can try mixing it in with a little yogurt or honey and a lot of these animal will take the medication willingly . if it does n't taste quite so bad as in the case with this one .
42Zp5x7X3eU hi , this is daniella buettner with the right start in sherman oaks on behalf of expert village . in this clip , we 're going to be talking about imaginative play . imaginative play are play sets , girl/boy toys , role play toys . they promote self esteem and confidence . they empower children with choices through stimulating play activities . we have several items here that are some of our most popular . in the girl range ; my first purse which comes with a phone , lipstick , play keys and a credit card case and of course a credit card that is not real . and this is a great item when they want to dress up like mom or be like older sister . as well as a tin tea set which is great to be able to play with their dolls or their friends and interact in a play activity , like having a tea party . for boy toys ; one of the most traditional role play for a boy is building like dad . so we have a cool tools activity center which has all the tools inside it as well as the nuts , bolts , and screws and it also doubles as a shape sorter . for outdoor play for the boy , is another favorite ; a set of vehicles . these are construction trucks , a little tuffies , dump trucks , cement mixer and a bulldozer and this is another great item for young boys to play inside or outside . these are a selection of some of our imaginative play toys at the right start .
2LdgH93ZEj8 starting to look pretty snazzy , the bunraku arm control . so the next step is to do a bunch of marking so that you can fix things in place . first mark is my grip onto my arm rod . i 've marked there the precise spot where i want the grip to be attached to the arm rod . i like it here , rather than here and that 's because i like to offset my hole , my rod , in my grip rather than centering it . the reason being for this is this is a right handed grip . and i like the skinny part , the skinny part , of my grip to be in my palm so that my fingers are closer to that toggle that i mentioned . if that is rotated my fingers are farther away . i just find it more comfortable . i also am going to mark , or i have marked already , begun to mark already , what line these brass tubes will lie upon along the length of the rod .
2hTE5QhuGE4 how much to charge for tutoring . how much to charge for tutoring depends on mostly the length of time , as far as i know . that is the one thing that determines my differences in my rate which get more like wholesale prices the more time that you spend tutoring . so this is the difference between a one-hour tutoring job for thirty dollars as opposed to a three-hour job for seventy dollars . another method is to charge maybe a monthly salary or a weekly salary for x-amount of hours worth of tutoring minimum , something like that , a minimum amount of hours , and then maybe beyond a certain amount of hours , you can start charging hourly again . or just a million dollars a month for as much tutoring as your require , whatever . the market value of the tutoring is usually what dictates my rates , me personally . i , according to what i hear other people charging for tutoring , companies for example , i can take half of that usually because i am doing my own tutoring if i am doing my private tutoring , and that easily cuts out a huge cost for the student and is at the same time a better deal for me than what the companies give to me . so , the market value is another determination of that . those are a few ways of determining how much a private tutor should charge .
0CPT0O-r-70 the next step in doing a hand massage is for you and your client to sanitize your hands . you want to use an improved hand sanitizer or you want to use soap and warm water . make sure that you rub the fronts real good , the backs of the hands also go ahead and rub the wrists . make sure that it 's nice and clean . if you need a little extra hand sanitizer go ahead and put some in . if you 're using your sink you always want to make sure you wash your hands for at least a full thirty seconds to a minute . once you 're hand sanitizer dries up you know you 've used it all . again , this one is germ-x . it 's what we 're using today , but if you have access to soap and water it 's best to go ahead and use that . you want to make sure that if you have an open wound or if your client has a cut on her hand already that she 's not going to get infection in it . the best way to do that is by keeping your hands clean . that is how you sanitize your hands .
DeDsril4gqA there 's nothing worse than walking around with sore , unhappy feet all day . so we need to bring feet yoga and toe yoga into our yoga practice to keep our feet happy and healthy . namaste . i 'm cindy mastry and willy 's going to demonstrate just one way that you can keep your toes and feet happy by stimulating the blood flow to your toes and feet . so willy 's seated in hero 's . we 're going to have him curl his toes under and i want him to think about spreading his toes first and then setting his toes toes down ; good , so as wide as you can . and then he 's going to inhale and then come up unto his toes . good . he 's going to bring his hands to heart center , engaging his core . he 's going to come into the twisting side balance , good . pastasana , parsvatasasana , side way toe balance . and so he 's having to press down to his toes to hold that balance and thus creating more blood flow to come into his toes and that 's stagnant blood flow that gets pulled down into the bottoms of your toes from walking around all day to be flushed up . so it 's bringing better circulation all around to his toes and feet . and this is what we need to keep our feet happy and healthy . namaste .
2k3qAwAWwSQ hi ! this is jessica of pink cheeks in sherman oaks and on behalf of expert village , we will be talking about the tools that we use to maintain the eyebrows . now first of all , this is the baby powder we use to prep the skin . the baby powder is very important to prep the skin before waxing , because it protects the skin from ripping off and also soaks up any moisture so the wax adheres to the hair better . these are the strips that we use and this is the stick . we use the smaller stick just so we can get the detail of waxing the eyebrows . these are tweezers , they 're used to plunk the stray hairs . sometimes the wax does n't pick up all the hairs because the client has plucked some recently and some of them are too short , so we use tweezers after we 're through with the waxing to just to pluck any stray hairs that are left behind . this is the brush that we use . the importance of the brow brush is to comb up the hairs on the eyebrows so we can trim them with the scissors and also when we wax below the eyebrow , we brush up the hair so no hairs is in the way of the wax . and these are the scissors used to trim . the scissors are used to trim the eyebrows cause some hairs are long and we use smaller scissors just so we can get the detail , so they 're a lot thinner , so it can cut as close as possible to the skin . this is an eyebrow pencil used to color in any holes someone might have in their eyebrows . and this is the antiseptic spray that we use when we 're done waxing the eyebrows . this helps calm the skin and prevents redness .
FlK7nF8rTj4 one of the most serious emergencies that can happen with your cat is a urinary tract obstruction . and what that means is that the cat is unable to pass any urine because there is some kind of a blockage in the system which wo n't let urine pass . it 's much more common in males than in females , although it does happen in females . so i wanted to just show you the difference . this balloon illustrates about the normal size of a cat 's urinary bladder . so think about your normal eight to ten pound cat , this is how big their bladder would be before they decided they needed to pee . in a cat who has a urinary obstruction , the urinary bladder can become as big as this and it 's extremely painful for the cat . they 're very tender around their abdomen and they will continue to try to squat and try to urinate , sometimes little drops will come out and they 'll do it all over the house . they make a very unusual cry , that 's a painful cry , and you will be aware , most often , that something is seriously wrong .
acdVm7P4Zoo so once you get your inner limit , which , let 's see , i 'll look on this derailer . i believe the inside one is the inner limit . you can test that by turning it . yep you can see when i turn this out or in , it moves that inner limit . so that ? s the inner limit adjust on my derailer . they 're different on different models and different manufacturers . do be afraid to you know , just play with things a little bit . just always when you make changes remember what you did and go back to those changes after you 've done them . so first step , we set our inner limit . once you have your inner limit set , you want to go up to your shifter , you want to , there 's usually a barrel adjuster , you can see as i turn this it changes the amount of cable that i have to play with . so , i gon na take all of the slack , put as much slack as possible into the system . so with cable stretch and stuff like that i have something to work with . then , i 'm going to set a moderate amount of tension on the cable . so i 've got my allen wrench and i 'm tightening up the , tightening up the cable clamp .
5BQZ837oigs this standing pilates exercise is the toe raise . now when you perform this exercise , you are going to really feel that burn from your heels on up to the top of your group . so what you want to do is you start in a pilates stand . drive your heels together , your calves together and your inner thighs . like you are lifting up and squeezing . pull your abdominal muscles in , shoulders back and down . and really press up through the balls of your feet and as you come down , really squeeze everything together . think nice and tall . now when you come down , do n't put all your body weight into your heels . you want to keep lifting . and then you can make it a little crazy . you can come up and starting pulsing . now to really make your gluts work , squeeze them as hard as you can . think tall . and just breath naturally . then after you pulse for about 10 to 20 reps , then you can slow it down again . and then that ? s when you top it off . those are your toe raises .
dVYtQV_V4vk we 're discussing bridal showers . there are very many different types , and you need to decide why you want to celebrate when you begin . you can have regular bridal showers , where , when we say regular bridal showers , that 's just with the family , friends or a bachelorette party . there 's so many different fun gag gifts you can have for a bachelorette party , and it does n't have to be a naughty party . you can still have the mom come . there 's napkins and decorations , cute little bubble stickers , just fun things . i just want to talk about the bachelorette party for just a minute just because i believe it 's a fun form of a bridal shower . so you want to start out with the invitations . there 's cute little invitations . you do n't always have to match your invitation with the theme . you can choose a certain invitation , and it goes out before everything , before you actually have the party so it does n't really matter if you choose a cute little lingerie invitation and then just go with a more solid-colored theme . there 's many different kinds of bridal showers to have .
EOHrybLEPs4 hi ! i 'm robin with trees-mom.com . we 're doing a video today for expert village . we 're crocheting wire to make a christmas bracelet . on your crochet hook , if you 've never crocheted before , you need to remember to hold the crochet hook parallel to your body , horizontal to the floor . the hook part is always towards you . your thumb will go on the little part that 's indented and your fingers just wrap around the crochet hook . you just hold it just like this . sort of like you might hold a spoon or a fork . this is the way i do it . it might not be the proper way to hold a crochet hook , but it works well for crocheting wire , which is a lot different than crocheting yarn . just always remember to keep the hook part towards you and to keep the crochet hook horizontal with the floor , and you should n't have any problems with holding your crochet hook .
2hghKijMcV8 this is ben ingham with expert village talking about a walk out basement . when i started back filling i was very careful with it because i knew there was a potential for that and i filled very gently a few buckets at a time and i even got off the tractor and walked it and make sure there where not cracks . then all of sudden the straw that brought the camels back the load from the bucket i can hear a little snap and came and it was barely bow . maybe a inch of so and so i stopped then completely and that was about a week ago now and i have not put any dirt in and it is probably about 3-4 inches so it is getting worst . i put the braces up before i did any back filling as hopefully to eliminate any that kind of bowing problem that you can from a cinder block wall .
b_kbfxj5Y5M in this first clip we will be talking about the different sizes of medicine balls . as you can see here we have a couple of medicine balls , we have 3 or 4 in the gym . the first one is a relatively smaller ball , a 9 to 10 pound average ball , but it is good for the juniors , and it is also good for certain applications , even for the adults and the seniors . do not be deceived by the small size of the ball and think that all heavy weights need heavy balls , and all feather weights need the smaller medicine balls . everyone has a reason for having a particular size and also for a particular exercise . this one here is a little bit heavier , this is about a 15 pounder , and certainly should n't be used by the juniors , a little bit heavier and will be working with this one a bit later . we also included today just a regular basketball , because sometime the lighter medicine balls are not light enough for what we will be doing with a particular exercise or particular routine . guy ? you pretty much covered it . a few other things , there are different materials the balls are made of , leather , synthetic , rubber , and you should try them all out and find one that is right for you .
dWQdRpVUAAc hi , my name is tim cole . i 'm with the austin reptile service . i 've been keeping reptiles and amphibians for over forty years . and we 're here to talk about pet care for tree frogs . there 's a variety of tree frogs that are available in the market today . one of the most common is the white 's tree frogs . they can get four to five inches long . and another one that 's fairly common are the green tree frogs , gray tree frogs . and once in a while you 'll see some other animals available . now tree frogs are arboreal , so when you 're caging them , you want to concentrate on a more vertical cage than a horizontal cage . give them branches to climb on , slabs of cork bark . live broad-leaf plants give them something to hang on to . they do need a water source at all times . some of them can tolerate being dried out more than others , so you need to check into the particular care of the species you 're keeping . all of them feed on live insects . most people will feed crickets supplemented with calcium . some of them will eat wax worms , meal worms , earthworms , even some of the larger white 's tree frogs will eat baby mice .
4XtaZ9oKZ0o hi this is jeff wong with expert village and today we 're going to learn the basics of maintaining your vehicle . so this car as with most cars that are parked outside tend to gather leaves and other debris in the top intake vents and along inside the engine compartment . now the reason why you want to keep these areas clean is because a buildup of leaves in this intake area that feeds air to the cabin of the car will prohibit your car from taking in enough clean air and it may get stuffy inside of the vehicle . and also these leaves are very dry and when they build up in excess the high engine heat can cause them to combust which would cause an engine fire which would be very dangerous . so to remove these leaves , you can just simply use your hands and pick them out of the vents . but if there are many small , smaller pieces that you ca n't reach with your hand , a simple vacuum cleaner with a hose attachment can reach in here and easily suck these small pieces out . so be sure to periodically keep these vents and your engine bay clean of any debris or other things that may cause an engine fire .
EgLgISJA394 i 'll be talking about yu gi oh and this clip is about magic and trap cards for your dark world deck . i 'll be talking about creature swap . creature swap is a magic card that you and your opponent switch control of one monster each of you control . the catch is , you do not pick what monster your opponent sends to you . you pick one monster you want to exchange , and then you 're opponent picks the monster they want to exchange and you switch control . this can prove rather hazardous is you have more than one monster or he has more than one monster . the best way to use it is by choosing your face down morphing jar to swap control of , so that when you hit it , it counts as his discard effect , or you somehow limit the amount of monsters he can choose from , giving you his strongest while you give him your skar , or your khakki , that you played in defense mode last turn or just something else that 's small and less disadvantageous for you . you want to use it so that you get more control of the field . if you can use it to grab a demock , because maybe that 's all he has on field , that would be especially wonderful . creature swap , as of last format that i knew of , was limited to two . but even this is n't that hard to get . there 's common versions in any old starter deck , which you can grab two of , but there 's also ultimate and ultra rares if you want to foil out your deck .
a1gcsjwaDLQ now i am going to talk a minute about patience . i have had many students of all ages for the past twenty years . i am a very enthusiastic teacher and i am a very patient teacher . having dealt with so much experience on that level , i have to say that patience is crucial in this process . the things that i am about to show you are going to require such patience . and , i would advise that you do them at a time where you have a little bit of time to spend with your instrument , and in an environment which you feel comfortable . and , if you are a little shy about playing around other people , maybe when you have little bit more time to yourself . but , it is really important that you go over this stuff . because the stuff that i am going to take you through after this , is going to require that you will have attained these small but very significant techniques . so , please be patient with yourself , be patient with the process . and , it will actually move you along faster than if you try to rush through everything . eventually all that does is getting people frustrated and not moving very far with where they want to be with playing .
eUvhKPJkb_0 alright . we 're talking about the 40d and its auto focus modes . to set those modes , what you need to do is look on the top of your camera where there are four buttons . the second most button to your right looking down on the camera is your auto focus slash drive mode button . and to set the auto focus mode , go ahead and push that down and then , with your other finger , use the main control dial to scroll through those and you 'll see here on the right side of the lcd screen those modes are being toggled through . so you have , you have three different modes , one shot mode , al focus mode and al servo mode . once you 've selected that , all of the other settings present in your lcd will come back into view . and that is your auto focus mode .
_DkF8vXY00U well , my name is anthony baron kirk , i 'm going to be talking today about knee pain and everything related to the knee joint . this is a great place to start , generally and just the overview of the human body and our lifestyle , the knee being it 's placement in the body takes most of the abuse for movement patterns and exercise patterns and certainly for most of us sedentary life style . so today i 'm going to talk about corrective strategies . i 'm going to talk about ways to overcome knee pain , simple how-to techniques , and ultimately build an exercise program to confront further knee pains in the future . basic placement of the knee , obviously most of the thigh musculature , hamstrings , calf muscles , the shin of course , front and back , all going into the knee so it makes it a very important part of the body , when every time the foot touches down , this is called heel strike , we have certain load pressures that are then traveled , they are transitioned through the ankle joint through the knee , through the hip , ultimately through the spine and up through and to the head . so a simple understanding of load pressure would be a runner . take a runner on concrete , can be anywhere from five to seven hundred pounds of pressure coming down on heel strike . so corrective exercise strategies in knee pain very , very common in dealing with this basic concept of the knee joint , we want to think about how to increase the load share more effectively throughout the entire chain , so speaking about the kinetic chain in relationship to the knee joint .
EXWmcrZjSOU okay so now we have the jacket marked at 3/4 of an inch . what i need to do now is just take these buttons off . and like i said i use a razor blade . if you want to use a button remove or maybe a seam ripper that 's totally fine . i like to just cut the little buttons off . and if you 're using a razor blade just be real careful . i 've been using one for a really , really long time . so i feel real comfortable . in fact i prefer them because they 're easier . it does take a fair amount of practice . okay . and since i am not even touching this sleeve yet i feel totally comfortable taking these buttons off without remarking where they 're going to be because i can just look at this one and measure exactly where the buttons are away from the placket and copy it on this one when i 'm done . so now that i 've gotten the buttons taken off in the next clip i 'm going to show you how to start taking apart the placket and the lining from the jacket sleeve .
2kHk_zFjt9s matt senatore hi . this is matt senatore on behalf of expert village , and today we 're going to learn how to make my italian stuffed shell appetizer . and there you have it , here 's our stuffed shells . on this side we have the sausage shells , and on this side we have the ground beef shells , and then we have some parsley and some decorative peppers here and some green onion and little parsley leaves . and you know , you bring this around through your party , and people can just pick it up with their fingers and eat it . nothing fancy , but tastes great , easy to make , it 's just a wonderful appetizer , and i know that you 're guests are going to dig it . so , there you have it . i hope you had a great time making my italian stuffed shell appetizer . on behalf of expert village , this is matt senatore , and i 'll see you soon .
angHQkCxQAc hi , i 'm tom shean and today on behalf of expert village i 'm going to show you how to install a metal roof . it is important to maintain even tile courses each side of a gable and a roof wherever possible when using burrow trims . uneven length trims cut at the peak create a visual problem . it is of equal importance to have uniformed tile courses starting on each side of a hog valley where possible and practical . battens are installed 5 inches apart centered on the valley . the batten spacer position sideways insures this accurate spacing . as the valley flashing is gutter that sits down in the battens , you should frame the valleys first otherwise you would have to cut out eave prolongs to install the valley gutter . when a valley transitions onto a lower roof you should end the valley framing just short of the lower tower coursing . this will assist in transitioning the valley metal onto the lower tile . a hog valley should be repitched to allow for adequate slope . in this instance a tapered plywood filler is added . fill in behind the first batten to allow the flat roofing membrane to form up and over the first batten without creating a water trap .
1spCnuBmWYk hi ! i 'm karina fraley for expert village and today i 'm giving you some advice on baby proofing your kitchen . something that you 're going to want to remember is that it takes very , very little water for a child to drown . a couple of inches is all that they need . a crawler can very easily crawl into the kitchen . remember , babies are kind of top heavy . a crawler can actually tip over into a bucket and drown with just a couple of inches of water . if you 're cleaning your kitchen and mopping the floor , you want to be really careful that you have kept your child out of the area . whether it 's putting him in his crib or playpen , or gating it off with the baby gates that we have discussed . it just takes one second , one phone call , for you to run off , grab the phone quick , and a child can come in and find his way to the bucket , and it could end tragically . remember that you always want to be very careful of whatever bodies of water . it does n't take much for a child to drown . be sure that all of the buckets are either up out of baby 's reach or that your child is secured out away from the kitchen if you 're cleaning .
37NZmAsExb0 what you want to do at this point is reverse chuck the blank . you want to take it and unscrew it off the screw center chuck and put it in an expanding four jaw chuck . the important thing at this point is , once you have it in and loosely put in , rotate the bowl by hand . you want to see if there is much side to side movement . if there is too much side to side movement which is called eccentricity you need to put it back in . if you find let 's say that this edge is out a little bit you can tap it back , rotate , tap until it runs fairly true . it does n't have to be 100 % but as close as you can . when you get it in the proper location , get in , tighten it up . your final check is to turn it on and as you turn it on you should see virtually no type of shadow movement it should run fairly true . if you are taking in and using a chuck , instead of this case where it is expanding , where it is contracting on the work what you want to do is protect the base by putting on a piece of cloth or a piece of paper towel that that is what the jaws will grab on before it grabs on to wood .
CRcNwN9A3OA treat dog flat handed is a term i like to use when you 're going to administer a treat to your dog . the reason i stress to all of my customers treat dog flat handed is for a variety of reasons . like i 've mentioned earlier , i want you to give your dog a small piece of treat . the reason is whether it 's a little chihuahua or a large bull mastiff , i want the dog to learn to take food from a human gentle . the only thing i ever feed my dogs by hand is a treat when i 'm working with them in the yard . if ever i have people food that is leftover , i will take off any seasoning , put the food in the dogs ' dish after they sit for me . of course never treat your dog from the table because that will create begging . so with a small treat , after you command your dog to sit , you will give them the treat flat handed so they learn not to take it out of a cone shaped hand . as you can notice , when it 's cone , they 're going to bite your finger . i also do n't want your dog at a cocktail part to go walking around licking people 's hands if they have food , or if you are in the kitchen cooking . so remember only treat flat handed .
a1VnqIe2fhg i take away options . i go from having one , two , three , four , five cards that can be played to four cards that can be played . i want to have as many options or more , after i make my decisions . so , if i take this nine , i open up this queen , and i again have five cards that can be played , plus , the queen adds to the ace for thirteen . you see how that works ? so , the key is to maximize your opportunities . and , there 's one other thing i want to mention real quick . let 's take away some cards . we have another situation where we have to play off the stock , and a five comes up . there 's an eight and there 's an eight . always look ahead . if i play with this eight , then i 'm going to open things up . if i play with this eight , my other three fives are locked up , and i have gone ahead and conceded the game . so , when you have a choice like that , play the one that gives you opportunities , not takes them away .
2jjZzQhGSMg joel siegel : alright . so , now we 're ready to bring our base drum , our snare and our hi-hat all into one happy family in time , and this is going to make a beat . and this is very exciting , you should call a friend or something 'cause you 're about to start playing drums for real . here 's what it sounds like . let 's try playing that together . i 'll give you a count , one , two , ready , play . are you excited ? you 're playing drums . i want to take a minute to say the way that we 've been breaking in analyzing this it 's helpful for some people , for some people , it 's not . this is the way that i learned . i 'm pretty much a self-taught drummer . so , this is just i kind of adopted all these . this is my approach . this is the way i had to break things down in order for myself to kinda internalize and get all the mechanisms down with my hands . all of this , it all becomes muscle memory and it will become a lot easier as you do it more . but just keep in mind that your own learning method and approach and just kind of the way your mind works is unique to you , so you want to make sure you 're thinking about that when you 're trying to learn on your own . if you 're trying to lift a beat off of a record or anything like that , this , for me , has been the best way to analyze beats thinking about when my hands are hitting together or when they 're not . so , just keep that in mind and then we 'll talk a little more about that later , too .
21oHZtVW0z4 alright now we 're going to talk about reverb . reverb is good to add to certain sounds and not good to add to other sounds . but , once again , there 's no science to adding reverb . you just got to pick and choose some things that you want- to add reverb . now what is reverb ? reverb is kind of , it gives it a sound of ... like your in bathroom or grand canyon or a long hall . it 's just kind ... the sound bouncing back . it gives it that kind of feel . when you 're adding reverb you do n't want to add too much . you just want to slightly add it cause most people do n't barely even notice reverbs when they 're recording . but you always want to add reverb to your recordings when you 're mixing . what you want to do when you 're adding reverb is , they 're certain things you want to add it to . certain things you want to add it to , such as the vocals . you want to add reverb to your vocals . that gives your vocals a real good ( good ) sound . snares are another good thing to add reverb to . high hats , you really do n't want to add reverb to high hats . it 's just that- those are not a typical sound that you 'd want to add reverb to . you can ... most of the time you do n't add reverb to kicks- but you can add a reverb to your kick and a real good full sound . especially in a rap song . and you know these tips that i 'm giving you are for rap songs . choruses ... always add reverb to choruses . that gives it that real good , full , different sound . but then after that you just want to play around . some sounds you have you may want to add reverb . some sounds you do n't . but it 's good to add reverb to your vocals and to your snares . it 'll start giving that real , real , full sound that you want when you 're mixing .
E_fmgkxXI5Q hello , i 'm sifu mallon , with the clearwater kung fu center . this is my assistant melissa , and this is kung fu for health . we 're going to be working on what 's called qi qong exercises . in kung fu , we want to achieve what 's called natural breathing . this is done by activating your diaphragm , and drawing the breath into your body . the best way to learn how to achieve this is to go ahead , and perform what 's called natural breathing on your back . melissa , can i please have you sit down onto the floor ? okay , melissa 's going to go ahead , and take a prone position on the ground . she 's going to get her feet nice and comfortable onto the floor . your basic goal with this is to achieve what 's called a natural spine through where your lower back is flat on the floor , and you do n't have an arch . your head is just drawn naturally straight up this way , so your spine is straight up and down . melissa 's going to go ahead , and take one hand , and place it directly on top of her belly button , and then she 's going to take her opposite hand , and place it directly on top . you 'll notice that the palm and palm are touching here . from here , melissa 's going to draw her breath in through her nose , and what you 'll see is this natural breathing take place . you 'll find the belly will rise , and then as she exhales the belly will sink . what this is doing is this is drawing a full breath in , and getting a maximum capacity into your lungs , which is very good for your overall health , and oxygenation of your blood . this is what 's called natural breathing in kung fu .
2gKzv4fojmE okay , we 've talked about what , how to catch fish , but let 's talk about how to release fish . during the , during the summer , it 's pretty obvious . you catch a fish , you unhook it , you just throw it back in the water , no problem . now i 've got this little yellow perch here . this is n't something i want to eat . largemouth bass would be much happier with this than i would . so i 'm just going to quickly hold it , watch out for the spines , unhook it real quick , and then what i want to do is simply take my hand and place this fish in the water . i do n't want to drop it from a distance . it might hit the ice , damage the fish . all i 'm going to do just put it head first in the water and let it do its thing . it 'll swim right out of my hands and go back down into the water column . one thing , if the fish is kind of staying in the top of the hole , maybe it was shocked a little bit , maybe the water , the air temperature was cold when you brought it up , just simply move it back and forth in the water with your hand to allow extra oxygen to go over the gills , and then you let it go . and then you 're all set .
FZ8exMGq9AI ok , now that we got our piece centered ; we want to find the top , find the center on top which is right there ; my knuckle always finds it ; it just knows where it is . we 're going to want to go down ; not like a regular bowl or anything , you want to go down just far enough with our thumbs and the pinkies are keeping in mind where my thumbs are so i know exactly where we 're at . so we 'll go in ; i 'll find my thickness that i think i need , i 'll go back and double check myself ; too thick . so i thought i was right but it 's always good to double check . and now i think i found the thickness that i need down there ; perfect . i 'm going to go in ; i 'm going to establish my side walls and by doing that , all i 'm doing is pulling my thumbs out to meet my pinkies . when i 've established my side walls ; i straighten up my piece and i 'm going to try to find any inconsistencies and straighten it out . and from here we 're ready to pinch up the walls and finalize the form .
Cbf1yq2Zrbg hi i 'm chef rainer wickel and i 'm here today with expert village.com well we got our potatoes frying in the onions and as you can see the onions are ready a nice golden brown and potatoes also and i 've already taken the potato out and tasted it and looks like it 's cooked all the way through . and this is extremely important you need to make sure that the potato is cook all the way through because we 're only going to cook it for a short time once it 's mixed in with the eggs and you just want to make the potatoes is n't raw . so go ahead and take a bowl and as you see i have a sift right here , so what i 'm going to do is just go ahead and take the potato mixture and grab my spatula and go ahead and doul out into the sift . and just go ahead and make sure that you get all of it pour all the oil through there too cause what we want to do is drain all that access oil off . now that we have it in here you need to let this sit for a little bit because you want to make sure all the oil is out of there . and what you can do is go ahead and take your sift and go ahead and the mixture . just shake all that oil out of there that way we 're going to get it all dripping now and as you can see it 's still dripping in there and just let it sit in there and shake it until most of the oil is out . you do n't have to get all the way out but we just want to get most of that grease out there . and as you can see it stop dripping so now what we need to do is just get a bowl and take the mixture and put it into the bowl and just go ahead and put this to the side and what we 're going to do is we 're going to use sea salt . and just go ahead and put the salt on there and it 's about a teaspoon worth in there , just make sure to cover it and then take your spatula and mix it nicely through and our potato and onion mixture is ready and this is how we get our potato and onion my taking it off of the frying pan and draining all the oil out and now we 're ready to go on to our next step and making our tortilla de patata 's .
48-lJzAu5g4 hi , i 'm justin lentz with expert village , and i 'm here today to talk to you about disc golf . it 's one of the best sports in the whole entire world . it 's great to get out in the park and enjoy a beautiful day . i 've been playing disc golf for a long time , since about , uh , six years ago , and , uh , played all over the country , in missouri , and colorado , and now out here in beautiful los angeles , california . i 'm here to talk to you today a little bit about disc golf and the rules involved , a little bit about basic game play . so if you 've never played disc golf before , this is gon na be the perfect thing for you , because i 'm gon na go over it step by step-every little thing you need to know about your first day out on the disc golf course . i 'm gon na go over some technique , some situational things like what to do , uh , you know , if you 're behind a tree , or if you , uh , you need to throw it over the water . i 'm gon na go over a little bit of troubleshooting , if you 're , uh , having some problems with your throws you know , if it 's going way too left , or way too right , or if it 's going straight up in the air . i 'm gon na help you out . i 'm gon na show you how to troubleshoot , and , uh , so that 's it-let 's get started .
Fa62zbsgRGY alright , i 'm going to break the categories down specifically in just a moment , but i 'm going to give you a set of blanket questions that you probably want to write down , because these are the things that we 're going to want to consider as we 're developing this character . the first one is : `` who am i ? '' we 're going to answer that question . the next question is : `` where am i ? '' we 're going to answer that question . `` when am i there ? '' we 're going to answer that question . `` what am i doing ? '' obviously , you 're doing something , we 're going to answer that question . and , `` why am i doing it ? '' so , basically , you can think of it in terms of the who , the what , the where , the when and the why . we 're going to answer all those questions to develop our character . now , let 's break it down specifically in categories .
cfN3HynwH1c all right and for our b & t or pardon me . our pattern paper . normally i would start with a twelve by twelve but since i have some paper left over . i 'm just going to go ahead and use some of my scrap paper and the size that i 'm going to need is a four by five . so we 'll go ahead and we 'll measure this out to five inch 's and start there . do our cut for five inches and the i need four inch 's . so i 'm going to go right to the four inch mark and cut right up and then now that i have my four by five . what i 'm going to do is i 'm going to go ahead and cut that directly in half cause i 'm going to go ahead and it 's going to sit like this . so it 's on either side of our criss cross card . so i 'm going to line up my corners along my cutting edge and i 'm just going to go ahead and cut that right down and that is our corners . for our criss cross card . our next step will be to glue those right to the top of our criss cross card .
3bJ8vp_31fU ok. so , as you see we have thrown the two pieces to our two piece vase or vessel . i would like to talk briefly about different drying tips and concerns . what we have here , is a drying rack . and , i 'm going to place this in here like this on those two shelving sections . it 's nice to have a rack that you can adjust to different heights . then , you simply place these boards over the top . we 're in eugene , oregon right now , so it 's winter time and it 's fairly wet outside . so , i 'm not concerned about these drying out too quickly . in the summertime , i would enclose this or take it down to an enclosed cabinet that i have that 's very much the same . and , it has a door on the front that will seal and these parts will be able to dry out nice and evenly . the goal is to have your parts dry at a nice even rate . it will make it so it does n't crack . we also want , another concern is that our top edge on our large section of our two part vase is at a similar dryness to the bottom part over here of the top of the vase . this is so when we stick them together , these clays will stick to each other nicely . so , that 's a concern with throwing a two part vase . if we check them and we feel that the tops are drying out too much and the bottoms are too wet , we can adjust by simply taking a piece of plastic like this and draping it over the top . so , those are some little tips on using a drying cabinet and a drying rack . and , what you 're looking for in terms of checking for the dryness of the clay . at this point , you can see it 's still fairly wet down there . when these are ready to be trimmed , we 'll be able to tip it forward and it will pop off the bat . because , we drew the wire under there before . so , there we go . the next stage in this is to leave these on the drying rack for awhile . let them get ready to trim and attach together . we 'll be doing that in the next section of these lessons .
aUPGFQ7sYsY in this segment we 're going to cover some safety issues concerning with replacing a interior carpet on automotive . our basic automotive safety practices apply on all situations . you want to make sure you have safety goggles on anytime you 're working with hand tools , hand protection is a good idea , light weight leather gloves , mechanic style gloves , or some polypropylene , or latex style disposable gloves work real good . also we 're going to be in a situation where we 're going to have the vehicle in neutral or out of gear , and the parking break release , so the car will have the ability to roll , so we want to be sure we can block the car correctly . and also we 're going to be dealing with automotive electrical system , so we want to take special precautions there , and disconnecting the batteries and make sure we follow the safety procedures in accordance with working with electrical items . so that should pretty much give you- cover our overview on safety , and will keep you abreast of anything as we go through the job additional requirements to keep you in a safe working environment . please watch our next segment , we 'll cover tools needed .
D6llbH9VIVk jason harris : hi , i 'm jason with expertvillage.com . today , we 're making bracelets out of wires , just basically recycled stuff we 've found lying around . so far we 've taken some wires from a phone line , and we have a couple to choose from here . and now , before we do anything else , we 're gon na -- i 'm going to put some fake blood on the razorblade . now , this one is already done , and it takes a while to dry . but all i 've done here is take in some glue and mix it with some paint and put on the razorblade . that way it 's not sharp . it wo n't cut you , and it looks kinda cool . so all we 've done is take in glue and any kind of glue will work , preferably something that 's not water soluble . just put a little bit down on some paper and mix a little bit of red paint with it . it does n't take a lot of paint . the paint will automatically -- just a little bit will make that all of that glue turn red , bright red . so just take it and mix it in the paint . there you can see the -- already it 's kinda starting to get jelled up a little bit like blood would . so we 'll just take the razorblade and put in the paint , or else put the paint on the razorblade , whichever you prefer . and it 's going to dry for a few hours . if this -- you probably want to do this first . this probably takes a couple hours to dry . so we 'll just set it off to dry . since i already have the one that we 're going to use for this . that 's already dried . we 'll just use it from now on . you just really want to make sure you give it plenty of time to dry . if you do n't , then the paint will come off the sharp edge and you 'll end up cutting yourself or somebody else later on . so mix your paint and put your razorblade in it and set it off to dry , and then we 'll go from there .
3hClTb-8kyI hi today we are talking about tea and now i 'm going to talk about an oolong tea . this is a green oolong and the chinese name is called sui jin guan , it means four seasons like spring . and the reason it 's named that is because this tea is a tea that was developed in the eighties so it 's also referred to as the new variety . and this four seasons like spring refers to a tea that 's going to produce spring tea . spring tea is one of the best harvest in taiwan . all seasons so that means , and also this is a tea that is quite good regardless of the elevation so it can be grown at a lower elevation and it will still have a really fragrant and floral quality . this four season oolong is actually a derivative or is actually a strain that comes from an iron goddess oolong . which is or teaguanyin or teaguanyin as sometimes called in america . four seasons oolong , this four seasons oolong is a really , really green , really clean and pleasant taste . and so this is a tea that is really inexpensive and it 's , it 's really quite popular here in at the tea shop and throughout north america . and then so the way the tea comes packaged is this is actually one ounce of tea . an ounce of tea does n't look like much but an ounce of tea can actually make about twenty cups of tea . so when you make this tea you just use about a teaspoon , a level teaspoon per cup and then that will , you can actually then re-infuse those leaves so you could use it again and so again remember that when you brew the tea , it 's going to start like this but then when you brew it it 's going to open up into a full leaf . and one of the ways you can tell the quality of the tea after you brew it , by looking at the leaf is by feeling it and how thick is the leaf . and the thicker the leaf the better because that means that it 's going to yield more brews . another way to look at the leaf is to look at the teeth , these little spikes here are called the teeth . and the further , the bigger the teeth or the further apart these little notches then that means that the tea grew slower and slower growing tea is always better then quick growing tea . because slow growing tea is going to produce some more of a , it 's going to have a more of a resilience and it 's going to yield more brews and it 's going to have a more deep and hardy flavor . so that 's a little bit about four seasons oolong or su ji juan oolong from taiwan .
duoIw2Fq300 hi , , this is sean hobson . one thing you 've got to make sure and understand when being a good rebounder , you 've got to know also what not to do , and then we 've got to correct that , learn the basic fundamentals , and box out right . here are a few things you do not want to do if you want to be a good rebounder . the first is , if the shot goes up , we 'll just pretend that the shot goes up , and this guy 's crashing the boards , one thing you can not do is face your opponent while trying to get a rebound . for one , you 're not going to be able to get a good seal on him , for two , you have no clue where the ball is , so that 's the first no-no . the second one is once the shot goes up , if this guy just turns and looks , his man 's going to be able to go right around him and get the rebound inside of him . you never turn to look up , you always turn and find your man . the next thing is , if this guy , go out here , if this guy gets a good box out in a seal , this guy offensively can not jump over his back and go up overtop of him to get a rebound , that 's going to cost your team a foul . another thing is , if this guy 's standing outside and shoots , we want to make sure that when we shoot we follow our shots . if he does n't follow his shot , he 's not going to be able to get a good box out . so there are a couple things that you 've got to do to be good rebounders , but there 's also some things you need to know what not to do in order not to follow that road and make yourself a better rebounder .
3j8yn_sg3-s in this clip i 'm going to give you a basic tutorial of the logic drum machine . this here is logic drum machine , the way it , the basic look of it , the first screen you 're going to get when you open it . now to change the sounds , here 's your individual sounds which correlate to different keys on the keyboard . to change the sounds underneath the bypass button , you 'll pull down the arrow , which will bring your factory sets of drums , your factory banks of sounds and you know , anything you have that you may have custom uploaded as a sound . so just to be basic i 'm going to go with the funk kick and it 'll load all my sounds over here . you 'll see the names of the sounds will change a little bit , however there 's always going to be names you know , the drum sounds , kicks , snares , and you know , etc. , etc . and you can hear the sound just by clicking on the actual note . down at the bottom we have a sequencer that you can specifically draw in based on whatever note you 're clicked on and it will play that back when you hit this play button . now this has other things already in it that have been sequenced from a pre-set sequence and that 's the basics of the drum machine .
4N-aI3OkDvQ hi . i 'm bobby hester on behalf of expert village . in this series , we 're going to show you how to hang big pictures , small pictures and every size in between . we 're going to show you how to use hangers and we 're going to show you how to quickly and easily hang a picture just like a professional . in the last clip we hung this picture and we centered it up on the wall here . this time i want to take this picture and i want to hang it right underneath there and i want it to be exactly two inches below this picture . so there 's a couple of things we need to figure out . first of all , what is the distance from the top of the frame to where that picture is going to hang ? on this one it 's 5/8 of an inch . so we want 2 inches there so we need to measure down 2 and 5/8 's to where our hanger is going to be . so there 's 2 and 5/8 's of an inch . we 'll mark that and then we also need to make sure that it stay centered on the wall this way and earlier we measured and saw that the wall is 24 inches wide . so we need our mark to be right at 12 inches . so we 'll go and take our anchor , nail into place right there . now that our anchor is in our picture is ready to be hung . and there we have it ; we have the perfect space that we wanted on the picture .
52QPBQEQN7Y hi , i 'm don snyder , executive director of the national skeet shooting association , on behalf of expertvillage.com . we 're now at station three on a skeet field , and here the basic concept is the same . the only thing that changes here is your lead and possibly your hold point . again , what you want to remember is you want to place the shotgun in position that allows you to see it the instant it comes out of the house without it beating you . now the high house target is basically a two foot lead , advertised two foot lead , which basically is about two fingers off the end of the barrel , what you should see when you engage this shot . again , the stance position , make sure you bring the gun to your face and shoulders simultaneously and i will demonstrate this . again the stance is pointed about , your left foot , about the center stake , is about where you want to break the target . again i 'm going to load the 12-gauge shotgun shell . `` pull ! '' and that concludes a successful high three .
Ff8p9GHvep4 madden 08 is a registered trademark of ea games , a company in which i have no affiliation . okay , the next step is retirements and you 'll see this is our full list of off season duties here . it 's all in order retirements , re-signings , etc . but the first thing we 're going to do is simply check out who 's retiring and your team will come up automatically . it looks like my kicker has retired . that 's okay , those are a dime a dozen and it looks like my best receiver , eddie kennison , has retired . so i know , going in to free agency or the draft that a wide receiver is going to be pretty important for me to pick up . so , just be aware of who 's retiring , what , and that you 'll need to fill that position . if you want to look at your other teams , hold the l trigger button and simply scroll through them and if you have , if you get a couple years down in your franchise , and , just , it 's kind of nice to know , maybe when some of your favorite current players retired . we 'll see if anybody else big has retired , i do n't really think so , but a couple of years down the road , brett farbe might retire or something like that . if you get five more years down the road , it might be peyton manning or something like that . so it 's just kind of nice to check out when all the other players are gone and just to really make sure to look at your team so you know what needs you have to fill and it looks like going in to free agency we 're going to try to pick up a wide receiver . so that 's the first , or i 'm sorry , the second step of the off season .
eNNV7pL1e4s ok now , let me give you a little tip . the person that is interviewing you , or interviewers in general , especially if they 're coming from the hr department , human resources , they are evaluation the answers to these , these common questions , if you will , based on a predetermined value . and , what i 'm talking about is , what is the norm ? what is general for the expectation ? what is everyone who applies for these positions generally have in common or generally respond ? and that 's going to go for those other common questions that i 've talked about , but we 'll especially go for these three , which are also common questions . college and this is , you know , talking about where did you go to college ? what kind of degree did you have , did you receive ? you know , the common denominator is a masters degree , then that 's how they 're going to evaluate your answer to this . or , you know , i got a 4.0 or i got a 3.2 , depending on what they 're looking for , you know , well , i got , you know i , i did n't like college , i did n't do good , i made a 1.8. well , they 've already got a predetermined value of what they 're looking for . this also goes for past employers . and i 'm talking about , maybe they have a predetermined value that you 've been with each employer , they 're looking for people that have been with set employer for at least three years , or at least five years . they have a value that 's set for this , and it 's pretty much a standard value across the board , as well as just jobs that you 've had . you know , summer jobs , jobs during college , you know , what is the expectation of what they 're looking for ? and so you , you probably can guarantee that you 're going to be able to talk about these opportunities as well , similar to what you 're going to be talking about in the common questions .
1g9c_YQZh5E so i 'm continuing ripping my paper , and one , you know , this is why i like tearing my paper down . you can almost see how this is sort of like , you know , as i 'm working the coolest thing to me about being an artist , you know working , is that you get ideas . you know i 'm looking at the way i 'm tearing this paper down and it 's like a book already , and i 'm like what kind of book can i make today with cyanotypes , and one thing that i forgot to mention is that the cyanotype is cheap . i mean one of the few materials that i work with that is dirt cheap . paper is not that cheap when you use a lot of it , but the material itself is . so again i 'm back to kind of daydreaming about my little book here . i 'm going to keep ripping . so again i 've got another quarter sheet , and this is where this is kind of cool too because i can think about what size prints i want to make . i 'm not buying this paper pre-ripped . you know , thinking in my little crazy head here like oh i can make a print that is this long or i can make a print that is this big . so i 'm going to save these two and i 'm going to cut these down . you know some days i like big prints . some days i like small prints . but what i 'm going to start coating are just a couple of small sheets to show just how to coat and how to work with the material . one interesting thing about what 's going on here today is it 's a very humid day here in austin , texas and this paper is already , it 's sucking up the humidity . i can almost feel it curl right now . that 's one thing about print making to me . it 's just so hands on that you really start to notice things .
bp1XYyP2w7I michael plunkett : hi . this is michael plunkett on behalf of expert village . we 've now taken a look at three of the most common types of chords that we used . we 've seen the major , the minor and the 7th chord . now , we 're going to take a look at another type of chord that is also sometimes used in music . it 's called the augmented chord . in this case , we 've build it -- we start similar to what we did with our major chord . we take our 1 , we 've got c. we hop over to our 3 which is our e again . and then in this case , we hop over to our 5 but we actually , and this is going back to when we use accidental as a verb , we sharp our 5 and you can call it a sharp 5. so , i would write like this . in that case , it gives us the note g sharp , c , e , g sharp or 1 , 3 , sharp 5 is how you would refer to building an augmented chord . you would see it if you ever saw an augmented chord written , it would look like , whatever the name of the chord was , in this case c , with a little plus sign next to it . it 's telling us to kind of add a little bit more to that 5 there . since it 's not as common as the other chords that we 've played and you have n't seen them yet in the segment , i 'll play this one for you . in this case , i 'm taking my regular c major chord . and instead of having the g natural , i 'm just putting a sharp on it . i 'm making it a g sharp . hearing that in a context of a song might sound something like this . i played the c first and then i added the sharp at the end . it kind of adds a little bit more tension before i would resolve to another chord . that 's augmented .
b2yhsr43iFo okay we have worked our border around most of the way . and what you notice is it kind of just looks like teeth marks in a way . biting down through what we had before . because this is what it looked like before and then you see just these little ridges coming down all the way around . and that 's the pattern that you want to see because that lets you know that you 're catching every single loop that goes around the outside . all of these little loops are what you want to go under and that gets you that wonderful little teeth mark effect and a really clean and even border . now , we 're getting close to the edge . you see there 's the loop . go under , pull it through , under and through and it just looks like three more . okay . we already have our yarn through here but we 're going to go ahead and do it again just because it 's not all the way . it 's only leading to one side so on your last one it 's going to double up . that 's why i like to do it in the middle . now to end it what we 're going to do is make sure you have your loop and you 're going to go through one of these loops that 's sitting on top . it 's kind of hard to see . there we go . there 's our first loop . and we 're just going to pull on our yarn and we 're not going to stop . we 're going to pull it all the way through . and what that does is that pulls that loop right into the front . so there we go . and you 're going to take this and cut it and we have our border . and you 're going to want to do the same thing where you 're going to take your needle underneath and weave this in and out . and make sure you pull it tight because we 're going to be using this to connect all of our pieces together . so be sure that with every outside piece that it 's really tight because we 're going to be adding on just a little bit more .
BgbGK3f2DC4 in this clip we 're going to be learning how to do switch spins ok or opposite spins . so you should have your forward spins down and backwards spin ok. so a good way to practice is to start up high , go down one come up two . ok , go down four , one two . from the other side one , two . ok now let 's do a backwards so put one high , one low , one , two , one , two . alight this one is going to look really cool , you 're going to be doing chops , punches and then do switches . one , two , one , two . ok so now from here you 're going to have to really train your brain to do two different things at once . do the forward spin and as it 's going around switch . ok one , now do it backwards , two ok. one , two . and you want to make sure you keep your hands real still . you want kamas passing right by each other . now if you have a better hand , say your right hand or your left-handed , when you perform it , put your better hand in front in case your other hand is n't as good , you 're going to disguise it with this one . so one , two , so let 's go faster one hand at a time , one , two going up and down and go fast with the other hand ok. make sure they 're both really good so if you want to switch sides you can do it just as good with both sides . so you 're going to do opposites go forward with this one , this one is going to drop backwards . go around one , two . one more time one , two . and as you get it just start going faster and faster with it . so that is your opposite spins forwards and backwards with different hands . get those down and it will look really sharp in your extreme kamas form and performance .
4U6LNP2whWs katate tori sankyo , third control . we 're going to get into much the way you get into ikkyo . here . i really like doing it this way , because if you 'll notice all of her attacking limbs are facing away from me . i call this the shikaku , this is the death angle , or the correct angle . this is where you want to be , so they ca n't attack you very easily . sure , she can turn this way and strike , but i 'm not just going to stay here , i 'm not going to camp out in this position . as she goes to grab , one , two . from here , i switch underneath , get my arm to contact hers , invert her hand , grab , do like a reverse handshake right here , cross the pinky behind the ring finger , and stand her up into sankyo . that 's a lot going on here , so let me show you again . there are two different ways to take the person down from here . up , and down . the way i prefer to do it . is from here , get them on their toes , let go of this hand , the hand that 's wrapped around , keep the hand that 's in her handshake , bring it up , rotate their elbow into your bicep , crush this down , and drop this into your center . here . from here , you can easily pin them by dropping your shin onto their jaw , and applying pressure to the wrist . roll them onto their back , i mean onto their stomach , and you 've got control .
Ei0QhYHSDZA ok , so this brings us to the end of our second high fashion installment , which is kind of the bb ads replication of rebecca romaine stamos , that really dramatic right off the catwalk look , where we have the really dramatic liquid eye liner , false eyelashes , the very , very , very glossy deep lip . this is something that 's evening , right off the runway . you definitely will see this more so right off the high fashion ads or people going out to the clubs or even a funky red carpet look . obviously not everyday , but you just want to make sure that you bring the stuff you need for touch ups if you go out like this . you definitely need to bring your lips with you , your lip liner , your lipstick and your gloss . the only other thing is i always recommend you carry glue with you , just in case your eyelash pulls up a little bit , you can always go in the bathroom and kind of re-glue it . you might want to bring with you a powder , just in case you 're oily , just for touch up purposes . that 's about it ; your eyes should last pretty well . you do want to remove everything at night when you get home . when you get home you want to take these eyelashes and you want to pull them from each corner and you want to peel them off and put them back into their little case . you can re-use them a couple of times , they are natural hair and you spent that money , so you want to re-use them if you can . you want to wash all of your makeup off . you have a lot of makeup on . so , make sure you wash it off before you go to bed . that 's very , very important .
0t_nltnZdsg hello my name is dr susan jewell and on behalf of expert village today i  m going to talk to you about how to recognize and treat restless leg syndrome . now in this clip we  re going to talk about vitamins . studies have shown that although there are no real known causes of this particular syndrome some research is saying a certain deficiency in vitamins and minerals can actually produce add to higher chance of getting this syndrome . so folic acid and folic acid and iron deficiency can put you at added risk of getting restless leg syndrome , so in your diet , even if you don  t get restless leg syndrome . it  s good to make sure that you also get your daily recommended supplements or intake of vitamins and minerals . so in the local drug store or super markets you can get ready , available as i  ve shown here a lot of these products . its readily available here we have a bottle of folic acid and you should also make sure that you get your recommended daily dose and that will also help to alleviate symptoms of restless leg syndrome , multi vitamins because a lot of these products have iron included into them but besides taking these supplements its recommended that you take it in from natural foods . so make sure that you eat a lot of foods that contain iron like liver , you know the greens , the green vegetables , contain iron and folic as well . so besides taking in supplements and taking it from the food and the way that you cook your food as well maintain that the benefits are in tact before you eat it . so restless leg syndrome can be prevented or reduced instances by making sure you have the daily intake of the recommended daily vitamins and minerals .
3k9p2UH-kAs are you ready to spice up your shimmies with some layers ? my name 's karen and this is johanna . we 're with hip expressions belly dance studio , in saint petersburg , florida . we 're going to work on a reverse vertical figure eight on top of our shimmy . so , let 's just review the reverse figure eight first , and you might want to look for some other clips on this , to get the move nice and solid before putting the two layers together . so , we 're going to go down , out , up , and in ; down , out , up , and in ; down , out , up , and in , and then a little bit faster so it 's nice and smooth . so you 'll make sure your belly button is touching your spine . keep those knees nice and soft ; keep those heels pressed into the floor . keep that chest lifted , so you have a nice long torso as you do this . let 's get our shimmy going , and let 's put the two together , all right ? down , out , up , and in ; down , out , up , and in . now smooth it out . make sure you keep that chest nice and lifted , and breathe . need lots of oxygen when you 're doing shimmies . so , practice this in the mirror , and you 'll have a real nice reverse vertical figure eight shimmy .
bOb6KVoi9rY hi , i 'm robert and today i 'm going to show you how to defrag a computer . windows xp is a trademark of microsoft and i am not in anyway affiliated with microsoft . to defrag a computer , go to start , my computer , right click on my computer . go to manage . under storage , there 's a disk defragmenter selection . click on that and you 'll get this menu . first thing you want to do is to analyze your hard drive . in this case , it will be your c drive . click analyze and what it does is it will show you the state of your hard drive if you need defragmenting or not and as you see , it is completed and for this particular case , my drive is fairly new so i do not need defragmenting on this drive but if it does , it will tell you that you need it . for all tends of purposes , let 's just do a defrag and just to show you what will happen in the background . it takes awhile for windows xp depending on how much you have on your hard drive . it could take from an hour or two . two hours to do a defrag . when defragmenting is completed , it will show you in a screen that the process is complete and in that point in time what i suggest is reboot your computer just to clear all the cash out and you good to go .
2HUxYZ-qpt4 hi , i 'm bill with zoar outdoor here on behalf of expertvillage.com . today we 're at chapel ledges in ashville , massachusetts , trustees of the reservation property and in this series i 'm going to be talking about rock climbing gear . we 're going to talk about rock climbing chalk and chalk bags . it use to be a contentious issue back in the 70 's or so , people thought it was cheating to use chalk . nowadays most of everyone uses it , still makes since to think about of how you use it , how much you use , what it does for you . the bag that you 're going to carry it in , here 's a couple of variations , they come in all sorts of styles , shapes and colors . generally speaking , something about this size is big enough . if you 're going to be bouldering and hanging out in one place for a while , you might buy a big bucket to just sit on the ground , but if you 're carrying it with you , this is plenty big enough . inside the bag you 've got chalk in one form or another , i want to recommend to you a chalk ball , because this contains the chalk inside a fabric covering . you can see my hands are still getting chalky , but it 's not going to spill . bad climber etiquette is to fill your chalk bag with all kinds of loose chalk , sit down , have it dumped out and leave a big mess behind , so a nice concise chalk bag that meets your style with a chalk ball inside , that 's going to give your hands a little powdery coating to keep the sweat down , makes you grip the rock a little bit better , maybe it gives you a little psychological advantage too while you 're up there , so choose what fits you .
cQxq2JWQB3g hello . my name is adrian arceo . and , now we 're going to talk about the importance of encouraging your players . now , when you encourage your players it should n't just be during the game . you also have to make sure that you encourage them before , during and after the game . this is especially important , if you plan on developing players over a period of time . now , if you spend nothing but your time ragging on your team or running them ragged all you 're going to do is ruin their confidence and take away their passion for the game . if you 're going to give them a little bit of negative or work on some stuff , you also want to go ahead and build them back up again . so , say they messed up during a certain drill go ahead and approach them . let them know it 's ok , that we all mess up in this game . that way , when they get back at it they 're more pumped up and they continue to love the game as much as i do . also , during the game if you see a good play going on go up to a guy give him a high-five or a pat on the butt . that does a lot for your confidence , also . or , maybe even take the entire team out if you win or if you lose . maybe , especially if you lose . also , it 's important to remember that the reason why we got into this game is because it 's fun .
5pOvtbrIh7w the next thing that we 're going to talk about that 's very important with tortoises is the proper kind of food and water bowl . tortoises are kind of clumsy creatures and they need large water bowls . now what i have here is two kind of examples of a food and water bowl . not necessarily the best example of a water bowl . they 're a little misshapen for my desire but preferably for a tortoise you want a water bowl that is large , big enough for them to get into , but shallow . you do n't want it to be deep . it needs to be easily accessed by the tortoise and easy to get out of . so if you ca n't find anything in a pet store , perhaps a large tupperware or other device that 's going to be , again , shallow but large . big enough for the reptile to get inside . okay . and then as far as a food bowl goes . you 're looking at the same kind of thing . it needs to be shallow but big . large bodied . because you 're going to be a lot , a lot of greens in there . tortoises eat a lot , okay . it 's very important that we offer the right amount of food to them . also as a secondary note . your tortoise is going to enjoy a once a week soak . i generally recommend that you take your tortoise out of its enclosure and put them in like say the bathtub or cat pan filled with about an inch to an inch and a half of lukewarm water . he 's going to enjoy that a lot . it 'll help him hydrate and it 'll actually stimulate him to go to the bathroom outside of his enclosure .
1iNZfYho0yc here is a good little trick that you can impress your friends with or even your parents . i wrote it down so that i do n't forget any of the steps . choose a number . do n't tell anyone what the number is . add five to that number , double the result , then subtract four , then divide by two , the answer that you get here subtract the number that you started with , and you will always see that the result will always be three and you can check that with any number . for example , let 's say that the number you chose is nine . let 's add five . we get fourteen . let 's double that result . that becomes twenty-eight . let 's subtract four . we get twenty-four . divide by two . we get twelve and now subtract the number you started with which was nine and you 'll see that you 'll get a three . so no matter what number you choose , you 'll always get a three and the reason for that is this is the foundation for algebra . whatever you do to one side you do to the other , basic rule in algebra .
FTy6INu9WoM now we 've folded this section up here , so we 're going to make a couple more bends in it to help us along our way . we 're going to take this edge here where we started our fold over here . take it and we 're going to bring it down just like that right into the inside and crease it there . i 'm going to take my stick here , my chopstick , to crease it . do the same to this side over here . bring it over here and crease it there . there we go . i 'm just going to open that back up . there we go . we 've got our creases started right there . what we 're going to do is we 're going to flip this over . we 're going to do the same on the back side . pull this side up here like so , crease it with our chopstick , and do our folds like we did on the other side .
FrZ3_AFzN0c when you have your colors on the pallet , you can mix them , not on your canvas . you want to try and make sure that you 're always going to mix them on the pallet because then you will have them for later on , you 'll have the mixed color , you 'll be able to make more of it . if you do it on the canvas it 's harder to get back to . also , if you mix your colors on the canvas , you 're going to end up getting more muddy colors . they 're going to end up looking not as clear and you always want to have a color that can be definable as something . you do n't want to have a muddy-ish green or a muddy-ish blue , it 's just going to look better in the long run . so , try and mix your colors on the pallet , all the time , whenever it 's possible . the way that we put the colors on here will be conducive to that , as well . also , when you 're mixing your colors on the pallet , always mix more than you think you might need because , from that , you can make other colors or you can keep what you have . it 's good to create your own colors and be using those more than what you would be taking right from the tube , as a color .
59CL_goma4c there are several different classes of horns . basically , that has to do with the price range that you 're going to be spending on the saxophone . to start , you have student models or beginner models , this is my beginner alto saxophone . it 's an armstrong brand . you can usually spend between five hundred and a thousand bucks on a beginner or student horn . some other suggested brands for a student horn would be la sax , conn , jupiter , are some other brands . basically , what you 're paying for in a saxophone going up and down in the classes is materials . some different features and overall build of the sax . you 're going to be , obviously , using more expensive materials in higher priced horns . and the features would be extra keys , basically . you do get what you pay for . if you could afford a higher than a student horn when you start , that 's a good thing . intermediate horns will run you from about a $ 1,000.00 to $ 1,500.00 . i do n't have an example of that . but a pro horn like this can run from $ 2,500.00 up to $ 10,000.00 if you have , if , you know , depending on the saxophone that you pick . and as you move up in your skill level , it 's really nice to move up in your horn class as well .
D6w2xSgxKfI for expert village , this ej john erickson and we 're discussing the baritone saxophone . this is our third session and we 've given you a little bit of background and now we 're going to dive in . you got your bari . you 're excited , you want to rip it open , you want to play it . but , wait . there are some things you want to do to just kind of get to know your bari and look at the pieces that it comes with . now , if you 're getting a new baritone saxophone , chances are from the music store , wherever you got it they 're going to get you reeds , they 're going to get you new cork grease , they 're going to get you all that stuff that 'll get you up and running . full harness , neck strap , things like that . but , if you 're like me , i do n't have that kind of money yet , and i got a used one . so , and actually , this is truly the case with me , this is a used baritone sax . i have borrowed others and this is my first one . so , let 's do it together and let 's open up this puppy , and here 's how you would inspect a baritone sax on your first time out . okay , so diving in , before we even open it , we can kind of get an indication of its use just by looking at the wear on the case . and so , i 've been forewarned that this bari has been through some use . it 's a king it says here on the outside . so , we 'll just open it up and dive in . and everybody 's first impulse is to grab the bari and pull it out . but before you do that , just go ahead and pull everything out that 's included . so here we have a nice mess of pads and straps and we 'll take a look . obviously , that 's the neck strap for it . and we 'll pull it out and , oh , here 's the neck and it 's already attached to the mouthpiece . that gives us some indication of its use as well , that they obviously did n't take the mouthpiece on and off . so this is our neck and then we 'll scour for anything else . oh , and we 've got some reeds . usually , you 'll see some cork grease . now this reed came with the horn . you probably do n't want to use it . we 'll throw away any reeds that come with it . you just want to get rid of those and start with good , fresh reeds . another thing to do is just kind of move your hand along the bottom to see if there are any loose cables or neck strap pieces . sometimes that can get attached and , if you 're pulling it out and it gets attached to one of the keys , it 'll yank it and bend your keys . you do n't want to do that . so , i think we 're getting an indication of what 's here and what 's missing . we 're going to need cork grease . we 'll talk a little bit about that in the maintenance section . but the first thing we 'll want to do , is just do an inspection . so let 's go ahead and pull it out and , for these big guys , you probably want to sit down . so , i 'm going to sit right here and we 're going to start the inspection . and i usually like to start at the bottom down , but you can also start with the bell and work backwards through the saxophone . and you 'll just want to look at every single individual piece . so first of all , we can kind of check out the bell . now , there 's a lot of dents , a lot of the lacquer has been worn off , so this bari 's been used . but just because it 's beat up and some dents in it , does n't mean it 's unplayable and we 'll definitely check that out as we go through the process .
cOyXmAK9btk on behalf of expert village , i 'm lizbeth muller and today i 'm going to teach you how to make some cuban style picadillo . maybe you ca n't eat all of this picadillo in one night , not even two , but you want to save it for some lunch or when the kids want to have those tacos again . what i would do is i would take a freezer bag like this , a ziploc freezer bag , or i could take a plastic container and place it in the freezer for a few days . i store some of my meat in there . i even prepare meat ahead of time and put it in there , but if it 's cooked already , instead of going down here , i put in the freezer . i thaw it out and then i have a meal for the next day . i place in here like this . wait until it cools down . it 's hot right now because i just cooked it . place some in here like so , or in here . i lock it away and freeze it . ziploc is good i say , because it 's more sealed . some people use the plastic that tightens up and it freezes it . we 're going to place it in here and that 's it .
0CrEEBjBSTM tip number one , for determining your signature scent . number one , start by going to your local bookstore or newsstand and picking up a whole bunch of magazines . fashion magazines are the best place to find perfume samples . for men , choose details and esquire . magazines like that will have men oriented perfumes . for women , any kind of magazine . vogue , el , etc . will all have plenty of women oriented perfume samples . once you 've got the magazine and make sure you buy them . because , newsstands do n't take kindly to people tearing out their samples on the street . pick through the magazine and flip through to try and find as many perfume samples as you can . once you 've found as many as you can , tear them all out . and , open them each up individually . begin , by just smelling the page . and , then if you like you can run the perfume sample onto your wrist behind your ear or anywhere else where your body tends to get warm . this will help you determine , if you like the perfume on your body .
E0JvjOcYSjo what does a synthesizer sound like ? a synthesizer basically is an instrument that instead of putting out acoustic sound like say a guitar , an acoustic guitar does , it sounds out electrical signals . basically , represents its own sound and gives that to you directly through cables and directly you patch out of it into whatever you 're recording to , as opposed to micing it . basically , it synthesizes sounds . it 's a representation sometimes of strings or horns . with the ability to change the sound in terms of how it 's eqed . you can put different sounds together to form one new sound even several different sounds and also changing certain frequencies within them . what it sounds like is pretty much up to your imagination . bands like radiohead use synthesizers from the 70s along with things with today and kind of create their own sounds with it , whereas bands like depeche mode and people who really started with synthesized sound , it started off as almost a representation of actually instruments . it 's almost gone from representing things you could n't fit into your house , like a string section , to being things that you could n't even conceive of in your house , but only in your imagination .
562vdcMzkFQ i 'm going to teach you how to make a fist and throw a strike , it 's called the hammer strike . now i have my handsome assistant right here to demonstrate for you . so let 's get into our horse stance . horse stance please , feet apart , knees bent , heels kicked out , knees kicked out . now , let 's show our hands to everyone at home , open your hands . now , you want to curl your fingers down as if you 're holding a pen , alright now once those are curled down take your thumbs and bring them across your other four fingers . your thumb holds your fingers in tight , so now you have a tight fist . it 's not going to break any fingers , your fingers are all in tact , so remember roll your fingers down like a burrito , thumb comes across . now that are thumbs are securely across the other four fingers let 's bring it back into our horse stance , all the way back . let 's make sure that our shoulders are back and our back is straight and our fists are right here . now , hammer strike , this is very , very good for you because it is one of the strikes least likely to injure a beginner , someone that 's never ever thrown a punch before . think about this ; you know when you 're swimming like freestyle , think about swinging your arm above you . so let 's bring our arm and our fist near our ear and we 're going to bring down all the way over head and down as we 're playing whackamo . okay , that 's a good description , right . pull your fist back , let 's do it with the left hand . all the way near your ear , bring it up and around and play whackamo . again , right and left . good ! so that 's an over head hammer strike , i 'm going to teach you one more . this one is called the side hammer strike and this is important for you to know when i teach you a choke release maneuver later on . so you want to bring your fist to your opposite ear , so bring your fist to your opposite ear and then you 're going to extend out very nice . this is obviously directed to the side of someone 's head . bring that back , let 's put the other hand up and extend out . very nice ! now , doing these moves means nothing unless you do a chi-eye . what 's a chi-eye you ask . it 's actually your breath and your power . without breath you have no power . you internal power is called your chi and to make your chi strong you have to breath , you have to chi-eye . now , you might feel funny making a chi-eye in the beginning because you 're saying the work chi-eye , but really what you 're doing is grabbing your power from inside and pushing it out through your strike . watch , without a chi-eye ... with a chi-eye ... notice the difference . so that is your making a fist , your hammer strike and your chi-eye .
2b5pqMiL0cI hi , i 'm stephanie with partylandutah.com , and i want to let you know how to host a great oscar night party . now most of us probably do n't have the money to fly out to the oscars or maybe more importantly we probably do n't have an invitation to the oscars or even an oscar after-party . so why not stage your own ? now at partyland you come in and we have an entire aisle full of hollywood theme decorations , from giant standees of old hollywood types , like marilyn monroe , to the newer hollywood stars of today . you can grab some giant palm trees for the hollywood theme effect or down to smaller items like shining stars in gold , silver , and black , or whatever your theme color is . so just keep watching and i will show everything you need to know about how to host a great awards night party .
1J3UAD2lU-g so now that the lid fits into the area that was designated for it , i 've cut it off the bat , and i 'm going to go ahead and trim the lid itself . first make sure that it 's nice and on center , might have to reposition it a little bit . then take your ribbon tool and just clean that up . there 's a lot of extra clay in that to work with to get the shape that you need . so now that i 've got the shape that i 'm looking for i 'm going to go ahead and take a little ball of clay , and my scoring tool which has multiple needles . i 'll score the center of this lid and get it pretty wet , and then i 'll score the bottom of this little ball . and position it on top . and i 'm next going to show you how to throw this into the shape of a knob .
5brWSLxHQ58 okay , great . looking for a new career ? not sure what direction you should go into ? my name is sylvia russell and this is how you can get a cosmetologist license . now you ask yourself what is a cosmetologist license ? well it 's the license to practice beauty , hair cutting , skin care , make-up , all of the above , anything that has to do with beauty . a cosmetologist license is one that will take you anywhere that you want to go in this world of work today . now remember , there 's a few things you must do . ponder the idea of becoming a stylist . if it 's something you thing you 'd be interested in , then go for it . check into schools in your local area , ask friends and family , maybe even visit a salon , maybe even get a part time job working as a receptionist in a salon so that you can see if cosmetology is right for you . i found out that it 's right for me . i 'm on the set of a movie and i get to work with wonderful people all the time . once you 've finished cosmetology school , you must take a state exam . once you 've passed your state exam , you are a licensed cosmetologist . my name is sylvia russell and this is how you can get a license , cosmetologist license .
EYlQw3CiuZY hi ! i am kerri hernandez and i am here today on expert village to talk to you about belly dancing . for the belly dance class you want to wear something that is form fitting so you can feel you are doing and something like this will be great , a unitard , a leotard , tank top . something that you feel comfortable in so that you can enjoy your practice as well as you want to start with a warm up and stretch and then finish with the cool down . i find it very important if you are learning the choreography to go home and practice so that it sticks in your mind and then practice at least once or twice a week and you will find that you will do really well . also one of the most important things to have for belly dance practice is a hip scarf because then you can really see the accents on the moves you are doing and you can really feel it better . one more thing about belly dance is that everybody has different terminology so this is just mine and it may be called something else from a different instructor . these are just the basic belly dances . the next thing that i am going to teach you is basic alignment for belly dance . generally when you are standing in place , you want to have your feet fairly close together and your knees slightly bent your tail bone tucked under hold your chest up , shoulders down that  s basic alignment for belly dance .
c00xO9J9lGQ in this series we 're going to talk about how you can learn to pick up four clubs and juggle them . for this , before you even think about beginning this , you need to have a very , very clean three club pattern . you need to be able to juggle three clubs without thinking about it . four club juggling is very hard , it 's basically the beginning step into club numbers juggling . now , a lot of people do numbers juggling with balls , where you 'll juggle five , six , seven or even more balls . club juggling is much harder when you do numbers because the pattern has to be so much larger , because you have to account for all the spins . most times five clubs is a very impressive pattern . there are people out there who can juggle seven or more clubs , you can look them up online , they 're amazing , i really recommend you go watch them . for now though , you should n't even worry about all that . for right now , if you want to learn how to four club , how to juggle four clubs , you just need to be able to have a really , really clean three club pattern and a lot of free time . the step from three clubs to four takes a lot of work , but it 's totally worth it .
dT6TKyVvddY off-season training for football . dirty birds . this exercise really works well if you have a partner to work with you to cue you . if you do not you are just going to have to work it on your own and just try to keep up with what you can do . so we are just going to get into a football stance here and we are just going to chop your feet . then i am going to call out signals for him to turn . turn and he turns right back , he is just shifting his hips off to the side then coming back to center . turn . then when i say hit the ground he hits the ground and pops back up . hit . good . the last cue is jump . jump . good . and here we go . turn , turn , hit , jump . good . faster , faster , faster . turn , turn , hit , jump . good . you want to work that through for a period of thirty seconds to sixty seconds , see how you can go . start with thirty seconds first and work your way up . or set a mark for yourself of say ten hits or even lower , say five hits , before upping that margin that you are going to be working with . okay ? and those are dirty birds .
e7WFWR5wlEY adobe photoshop is a registered trademark of adobe systems , incorporated , and i am in no way affiliated with adobe . okay , so this step we 're actually going to start on the reflection . now since the dog has multiple areas of his body at different points , the reflection is going to be a multi-step type deal . so what we want to do is we want to make sure that we have this background selected , and what we want to do is command or ctrl j on pc to copy the background . as you can see , i 've got a background copied . more than likely you want to , whatever you 're going to flip -- say for instance we flip this dog upside down so we can get it 's paw , we want to use the bottom layer to flip . okay , so now that i have the bottom layer selected , we 're going to rename this one reflection . now depending on which type of reflection we 're going to be working on now , we 're going probably going to have to rename that . so what you want to do is you want actually hit command or ctrl t on pc , and then we want to right click , and flip vertical . okay , hit the check mark , and now we 've got ourselves a dog that is upside down . and we 're going to actually work little by little to get ourselves a perfect reflection . so we 're actually going to start on this right foot right over here as you can see my cursor on . we 're going to use that one first . so this reflection we 're actually going to name this one right front . okay , so now to get our right front separated from everything else , we 're going to click on the background and hit our layer mask once again . or , what you can do is use the eraser tool to erase anything you do n't want . so , say for instance , we 're going to go back onto this right front layer , and we can just go ahead and erase anything we do n't want . but we do want this foot right there , so we 're just going to leave that there . okay , and that is adding one reflection . now the next clip i 'm going to show you about doing a different one .
0s2JBzhsWXw hi i 'm betty ingham on behalf of expert village . we would put little things all around that . as in christmas ornaments or some more smaller patterns or some more smaller items . now we try to utilize every step , every piece , every inch of our kiln because it is so expensive to fire this but we are look at 600-700 hundred dollars for a load of propane gas . my husband and i our dream was to build a gas kiln and this is out kiln that we built ourselves it has 4 burners and it has about $ 3000 of fire brick . you would expect it to be very heavy but it is not it is very very light but it is very self containing of the flame and they weight about 25 pounds each and they are very difficult for me to get on the very top so my husband usually loads the kiln . i glaze it and he loads the kiln .
aicu5uJjCyE to finish off the look , i 'm going to add a pink lip gloss . and , the pink i 'm using is very shear but it has a bit of iridescence to it . because the eyes have that vibrant pink on it , we want to keep the pink on the lips to a minimum , so i 'm going to use a very shear , almost kind of a baby pink with an iridescence to it . something that 's going to go really well with the lip liner and cover it nicely and just mesh with it nicely and not cause too much attention to the lips 'cause this look is all about the eyes . so , i 'm just going to add with a lip brush , the lip gloss right on top of the lip liner . so , i 'm basically covering the lip liner . like i said , this is a very shear , but iridescent pink . and it 's going to go on pretty , pretty neutral , and that 's how we want it . just want to give her that nice pouty lip look without adding too much color because like i said , the eyes are very dramatic , so with the lips , we just want it to be really neutral . but we want it glossy and pouty , just not with too much color . like i said , you just want to line the whole entire lip . just go right over the lip liner . you can put on as much or as little as you want , just depending on what you like and basically this is our finished pink 's look . we added that vibrant pink on the eyes , we did really neutral lips , the skin looks glowy , the cheeks have that rosy glow to it and the body has a nice pink shimmer . that 's how you do pinks .
aLQiDtT6fK0 so , with lidded vessels i like to make all my lids first , and you make them all the same size . i 'm going to use the end of this needle tool here and that 's as big as the lids are going to be , that 's the width that i 'm going to work with , through the fitting . you can use calipers if you have them , but anything will work . so , when i go make a lid , i like to throw it off the hump and i 'll show you this technique , it 's really fast , very efficient , and whenever your wear board ready , this is going to be the hump that i 'm going to be throwing off of . so , i want to make a bunch of lids , regardless of if i 'm going to use them all , you just make sure you make enough lids so your pot is n't left without a lid that fits it properly . so , i 'm going to show you the technique of throwing from the hump .
dnWGrgjywvs so it 's time we played a sample hand of accordion solitaire , make sure we 've got it . what we 're going to do is , we 're going to play this hand part way and then stop in the middle and finish it in the next segment . and , we spent a number of segments on the version of accordion where you deal out all fifty-two cards onto the tableau before you make any moves , so let 's focus on the other version . so , what is that ? well , you start like this and you put one card onto the tableau , you deal out another , and you go from there . okay ? now , i can move cards onto the cards side by side if it matches in suit of rank , or i can go three stacks over . suit or rank . here 's suit , diamond on diamond . here are same suit two stacks apart . remember it 's three , not two , and we 'll play out the hand in the next segment .
aUe-s3oBmmc a couple of things that you 're going to want to keep in mind if you have young children at home are the chemicals in the dirt , the sand , the potting soil , the mulch , all those things that are in your back yard . they can actually pose some very serious hazards to children , or to actually anybody who ingests them . potting soil obviously has chemicals that help plants grow as well as plant food . you do n't want your children getting into any of that so be sure that you keep those bags stored away safely . and any sort of mulch that is around , any open area of planting , it 's very easy for a child to crawl over and grab some mulch and stick it in their mouths , and there are obvious poisoning as well as choking hazards with that . dirt , you want to be sure that there are n't any weed killers or pesticides or anything that 's used on your lawn and then , you know , that your children then can reach out , and you know , stick a mouthful or a handful into their mouths . you want to be careful that you are always aware of what 's actually being put into your , into your lawn in your backyard and if there are any sort of dangerous chemicals that are being used , be sure that your child is safe from them . also , if you 're going to have a sandbox in the back yard , be sure that you do your homework and find play sand , because there is a difference between play sand and construction sand and you can ask for help at your home store or your local toy store and they 'll be sure to let you know which is safe for your child and which is not .
Ekc2gjN8eP4 hi , this is sean hobson , for expert village . once our center makes an effective snap to the quarterback it 's vitally important for him to get in the mix of the blocking game . one type of block he will have to combat is when the defender is going to try to rip by him . that means he 'll try to sell the center inside and rip through him using his power to stay lower than him to rip past . that 's usually a pretty easy move to use on the center . so , it 's good for our centers to know how to defend a rip move . the best way to defend it is because this guy is already selling himself out by coming through hard to this direction . that means his momentum and all his energy is going in one direction and he 's a little off balance . so , as he 's ripping through we want our center to stand in or step with his energy coming through that direction , lock up with him and shove him right on through the play so our play can cut through beside him . here 's how you defend the rip move ( video demo ) . you can see how that guy is trying to rip through to the left side . as soon as the center felt that guy reach out on his arm he knew he was going to get ripped . all he did was take his momentum to shove him right out of the hole . that 's an effective way to defend the rip move .
5EOCjnHqPqU hi , this is sean hobson , and right now we 're talking about buying into being a good defender , and the things that you need to do to be the best defensive player , that you can possibly be . first thing is , you need to know the guy that you 're playing , you need to know him inside and out . you need to do either scouting reports , or just check in and ask other people that have played him , and try to figure out something about him . if you do n't know anything about the player that you 're guarding going into the game , try to find out things as the game goes along . one of the first things that you need to know about your defender , is he fast , or is he slow ? if this guy is playing defense on this point guard and he 's very quick , and he can go by him , what this guy needs to do is , go ahead take a dribble . what this guy has got to make sure and do is exactly what zack did right there , he 's got to play back off him a little bit , give him a little space , so he does n't go by , if he plays defense right up on him and this guy 's quick , he 's going to go right by him , and he 's going to go in and score . so , the first thing you need to know is , is this guy fast , or slow . if he 's slower , then zack can play up on him a little bit tighter , cause he knows that he 's not going to go around him and he 's going to make it hard on him . the other thing that zack needs to pick up is , is this guy a right , or a left handed dribbler . if he 's a right handed , right dominated dribbler , he likes to go to the right side , how are we going to play him ? good ! we 're going to play defense to his left side . what we 're going to do is we 're going to take our outside foot , on his outside foot and make him go that direction . obviously , if he 's a left handed player , then we want to force him to go to the right side . so , there 's a couple of different things that you can do , on your defender by learning who they are , and learning how to play them , that will make you a much better defender .
3XT60VxFH7Q hi , my name 's pam nichols . i 'm from the animal care center in bountiful , utah . i 'd like to talk to you a little bit about the proper care and feeding , proper care of a pregnant dog . and hopefully at this point you 've already taken proper precautions before breeding and you are expecting this litter and want this litter . the first thing to do is to put your pregnant female on puppy food . and we want a good quality puppy food . you do n't want to feed any run of the mill , over the counter brand . you 'd like to feed either iams or eukanuba , those are my two favorite products , iams and eukanuba puppy food based on the breed of the dog . and that 's so that your mom gets extra protein and extra calories , extra fat during the time she 's trying to grow puppies inside . it 's really important to not let your mom get too fat . so check with your veterinarian . and you should have a pre-pregnancy examination with her weight , her temp and her vitals and then you can have one right towards the end of her pregnancy as well . her first exam after delivering puppies should be done at about day three after the puppies are born , and then whatever needs to be done to the puppies can be done . so for various breeds we remove due claws or dock tails , and those can all be done at day three when your mom dogs gets her overall health check up .
07n9gNTlVdI abe toke : hi . welcome to expert village , my name is abe toke . i 'm going to take you through step by step to shape yourself a complete surfboard . i 'm going to go ahead and clean up this bottom a little bit , and then we 'll go ahead and do the top . and i 'm going to clean it up with the shearform again . when you run your hands across the bottom , you can really feel a high spot or a low spot . i mean you can obviously see that we 're a little low here still , but just keeping -- you do n't want to dig in to this and try to make it up right now . so just keep on shaping the board is one whole thing . do n't stop in here and dig away and trying to hit a home run with every little stroke . it 's more important that it really stays flat . once you start shaping off the bottom a little bit , you 'll notice that the stringer will start to pop up . that 's when it 's a great time to break out this hand planer and just hit the stringer alone . careful not to -- you do n't want to reshape this bottom that much so you just really want to just take as consistent smooth cut off the stringer . i usually start somewhere around the apex of the bottom contour which is generally around the middle of the board and just flow right off the nose . once i 'm pretty happy with the relatively flat , i got most of the marks out . i 'm going to go ahead and flip it over . the stringer is pretty hard to shape , so i usually tend to get that down and then you can shape the foam to the stringer , starting on the high points always first .
dQJyDM9pKR8 effleurage is a massage stroke that basically just stroking the horse . you can do it either with your hands , with your fingers closed and just stroking down the side of the horse , keeping one hand on the horse all the time while you are doing it . or you can have your fingers more open in sort of a combed shape , the stroking down the side of the horse starting at the poll and working all the way back . that 's actually a fairly safe stroke to use , either form of effleurage , horse 's most likely you know almost always enjoy it . they do n't find it to be too invasive , it 's not going to be uncomfortable for them and the , unless you are being careless it 's a fairly safe stroke to be using . so again i 'm talking about having your hands either with your fingers open like this and just kind of combing on the horse or having your fingers closed and stroking down the sides of the horse . and just petting them . it 's a nice gentle stroke , it helps them to relax .
